Even though the Christmas season has come and gone, consumers across
America look back fondly on new presents and memories shared with
family. As American retailers report Christmas sales, we take a look
into their distribution networks, a hidden yet vitally important piece
in the complex network that allows customers to recieve their gifts
during the holidays.

In 2015, Amazon reported 107 Billion, Walmart 482 Billion, and Target 74
Billion USD in revenue. Such large sales figures can only be supported
by an extensive logistics network that can efficiently transport large
volumes of product from manufacturer to customer.

In this post, we assume that Santa and his reindeer must visit each of
Amazon's, Walmart's, and Target's warehouses to distribute Christmas
presents to all of America. We will first conduct some exploratory data
analysis on the warehouses in the dataset, then plot the most efficient
route to all of the warehouses and finally show what is the quickest way
for each consumer to pick up his or her packages.

Setup
=====

We first begin by loading a number of packages to visualize geospatial
data. The popular ggplot2 package contains a number of extensions that
allow it to display coordinates on a map background. The TSP package
allows for a user to input a set of GPS coordinates and then calculates
the most effieicnt route that passes through all of the points. By
minimizing distance, delivery companies (such as Rudolph Inc.) do not
waste extra time by travelling across a suboptimal route. The SP package
will allow us to calculate the fastest route from our location to the
nearest warehouse. Finally, the Leaflet package allows us to convert our
visualization into an interactive HTML file where we can explore the
dataset.

    library(ggplot2)
    library(ggmap)
    library(maps)
    library(TSP)
    library(sp)
    library(leaflet)
    options(digits = 15)
    set.seed(2017)

The dataset used for the analysis can be found
[here](https://www.dropbox.com/s/ak89997tj3tox56/warehouse_stats_w_latlon.csv).
We load the data using the read.csv module to convert the values into an
R dataframe. While examining the data we notice that the square foot
attribute should be a number but is read as a factor. Therefore, we
convert it into a numeric value.

    warehouses <- read.csv('warehouse_stats_w_latlon.csv')

    warehouses$sq_ft <- as.numeric(as.character(warehouses$sq_ft))

Exploratory Data Analysis
=========================

The first thing when encountered with a new dataset is to perform some
exploratory data analysis. We start by viewing the first 5 rows of the
dataset. We see that it contains attributes for the retailer that owns
the warehouse, the type of warehouse, and the warehouse address. The
dataset also contains the facility's size and opening date. Finally, we
convert the address into a latitude and longitude coordinate pair.
However, this was hard to obtain for certain warehouses so their
latitude and logitude values are NA.

    head(warehouses,5)

    ##   retailer                type company_id
    ## 1   target general merchandise      T-580
    ## 2   target general merchandise      T-588
    ## 3   target general merchandise     T-0553
    ## 4   target general merchandise     T-0555
    ## 5   target general merchandise     T-0593
    ##                                                location
    ## 1           6175 Greenbrier Rd, Madison, Alabama, 35756
    ## 2                25 N 75th Ave, Phoenix, Arizona, 85043
    ## 3       14750 Miller Avenue, Fontana, California, 92336
    ## 4 2050 East Beamer Street, Woodland, California, 957776
    ## 5          3880 Zachary Ave, Shafter, California, 93263
    ##                    country   sq_ft yr_open         lat           lon
    ## 1 United States of America 1357500    2000 34.64499950  -86.84391439
    ## 2 United States of America 1530700    2002 33.44837487 -112.22108920
    ## 3 United States of America 1423000    1987 34.11206400 -117.48052900
    ## 4 United States of America 1862000    1988          NA            NA
    ## 5 United States of America 2100000    2003 35.44491959 -119.18513490

Since we have data for multiple retailers, we would like to see whether
the companies have similar distribution strategies. By using a table to
calculate frequencies and then converting the aggregated counts into a
barchart, we can see that Amazon has more warehouses than Walmart. Even
though Walmart has revenues that are over 4x greater than those of
Amazon, the online retailer has many more facilities. We hypothesize
that Walmart's warehouses are larger whereas Amazon has many more small
warehouses to ensure fast delivery.

    barplot(table(warehouses$retailer))

![](2017-02-08-TSP_files/figure-markdown_strict/unnamed-chunk-4-1.png)

We explore the above hypothesis by finding the average warehouse size
for each retailer. To aggregate data, R has a function called tapply
that can group data and return summary statistics. We are only
interested in the median warehosue size, but the function can return an
array of summary statistics.

As we predicted, Amazon's warehouses are about half of the size of
Walmart's warehouses. Interestingly, Target has even larger warehouses
than Walmart. Clearly, the companies have differing priorities with
regards to distribution networks.

    barplot(tapply(warehouses$sq_ft, warehouses$retailer, median, na.rm = TRUE))

![](2017-02-08-TSP_files/figure-markdown_strict/unnamed-chunk-5-1.png)

We can also break the data into each specific type of warehouse for each
retailer. The table below returns the median warehouse size. Amazon has
extremely small Prime Now and Delivery Sort warehouses in order to
deliver exceptionally small leadtimes to its customers. Prime Now
promises same day delivery for customers, a tactic that is only possible
with small warehouses located close to population centers.

Additionally, Amazon's general merchandise warehouses are significantly
smaller than Walmart and Target's warehouses. This is primarily because
Amazon stocks goods closer to population centers in order to achieve
faster lead times. In contrast, Walmart and Target do not have stores in
all areas and have a lead time buffer in terms of their stores. Amazon
in contrast ships directly to customers so it must place its warehouses
closer to customers.

    aggregate(warehouses$sq_ft, by = list(warehouses$retailer, warehouses$type), FUN = median, na.rm = TRUE)

    ##       Group.1             Group.2       x
    ## 1      target              closed 1225000
    ## 2     walmart              closed  414000
    ## 3      amazon       delivery sort   64000
    ## 4     walmart    domestic-inbound  104380
    ## 5      target          e-commerce  785400
    ## 6     walmart          e-commerce 1001310
    ## 7     walmart              export  191700
    ## 8     walmart             fashion  893700
    ## 9      amazon                food  161400
    ## 10     target                food  430000
    ## 11    walmart                food  875100
    ## 12    walmart            footwear  236100
    ## 13     amazon general merchandise  820400
    ## 14 sam's club general merchandise   70000
    ## 15     target general merchandise 1500000
    ## 16    walmart general merchandise 1200000
    ## 17     target             inbound 1900000
    ## 18    walmart     inbound-foreign 2200000
    ## 19    walmart             optical   38918
    ## 20    walmart            pharmacy   70900
    ## 21     amazon           prime now   36400
    ## 22    walmart         print/photo  390000
    ## 23     target             returns  190000
    ## 24    walmart             returns  222500
    ## 25     amazon                sort  268500
    ## 26    walmart                tire  388560

We also notice that some of the data contains NA for either latitude or
longitude. We need both to calculate distances or plot the warehouses.
The complete.cases function subsets the data so only values with both
latitude and longitude remain.

    complete.latlon <- subset(warehouses, complete.cases(warehouses$lat) == TRUE)

Plotting Data on a Map
======================

We wish to get a visual representation of the geospatial distribution of
our data. By plotting the warehouses on a map of the United States, we
can identify patterns in location.

First, plot the map baselayer that contains outlines of each of the
states, and then add points to represent each warehouse. Finally, group
the 4 retailers by color and add a legend to identify which color
corresponds to which retailer.

For each retailer, we notice that there exist dense clusters on both the
East and West coasts. Walmart tends to place a warehouse on the
outskirts of each larger city in the US. Amazon targets only the largest
of cities and places many smaller warehouses within each city, ensuring
efficient deliveries. While Walmart's warehouses are relatively evenly
distributed according to the United States population, Amazon is
clustered only in the largest cities. We also see that no warehouses for
any retailer exist in Idaho, Montana, or the Dakotas. These areas are
sparsely populated with large distances so retailers choose to serve
them through farther warehouses.

    state.map <- map_data("state")
    ggplot() + geom_polygon(data = state.map, aes(x=long,y=lat,group=group),
                            colour = "grey", fill = NA) +
      geom_point(data = complete.latlon, aes(x = lon, y = lat, color = retailer))

![](2017-02-08-TSP_files/figure-markdown_strict/unnamed-chunk-8-1.png)

Travelling Salesman (Santa) Problem
===================================

To visit each of the warehouses in the United States, it is critical
that Santa take the most efficient route. By using the ETSP funciton in
the TSP package, we can calculate the shortest route. The function
requires a matrix of X/Y coordinates. We can use the Euclidian distance
("as the crow flies") to travel between each warehouse.

The solve\_TSP function applies a set of heuristics to solve the
Travelling Salesman problem. The two\_opt method seeks to minimize
backtracking or path crossing.

    latlon.m <- ETSP(cbind(complete.latlon$lat, complete.latlon$lon))

    tour <- solve_TSP(latlon.m, method = "two_opt")

By plotting the most efficient tour, we can see the route that Santa
would take to deliver packages to all warehouses in the United States.
However, without a background of the United States, the entire plot does
not make much sense.

    plot(latlon.m, tour)

![](2017-02-08-TSP_files/figure-markdown_strict/unnamed-chunk-10-1.png)

When we examine the order of the warehouses in the Traveling Salesman
Tour, we convert the tour order into integers and then view the
warehouses corresponding to the index. By calling the index, we see that
the tour starts in Texas, winding around Fort Worth.

    route.order <- (as.integer(tour))
    complete.latlon[route.order[1:6],4]

    ## [1] 222 Commercial Street, Sunnyvale, California,  94085-4508    
    ## [2] 1700 Montague Expy, San Jose, California,  95131             
    ## [3] 38811 Cherry Street, Newark, California,  94560-4939         
    ## [4] 990 Beecher St, San Leandro, California,  94577              
    ## [5] 250 Utah Avenue, South San Francisco, California,  94080-6801
    ## [6] 888 Tennessee Street, San Francisco, California,  94112      
    ## 451 Levels: 1 Centerpoint Blvd, New Castle. Delaware. USA. 19720 ...

Now that there is a solution to the shortest path that passes through
each warehouse, we reorder the dataframe to be in the same order as the
tour. We sequence each of the indeces in the tour and match them to the
row index. Since the values of the indeces will now match, the dataframe
is in the order of the efficient delivery.

    complete.latlon$index <- seq(1, nrow(complete.latlon))
    complete.latlon <- complete.latlon[match(route.order, complete.latlon$index),]

As we saw above, the plot of the tour itself was confusing and just
looked like a bunch of lines that zig-zagged across a plane. To fix this
issue, we want to plot the Traveling Salesman Tour on a map of the
United States. First, we load the geospatial coordinates to map the
state boundaries. We overlay the state data as polygons to create a
blank map of the continental United States. Finally, we overlay the path
created by the Travelling Saleman on top of the states. We only plot
those points that are located inside our viewable area, that is the
Lower 48.

We can now see that the optimal route starts in Texas, winds its way
across the South, then works up the East Coast, then across the midwest.
After that, the route cuts across the center of the country before
winding up the West Coast and finally finishing in Nevada. This route
makes visual and intuitive sense because it does not contain any crosses
or overlaps.

    state.map <- map_data("state")
    ggplot() + geom_polygon(data = state.map, aes(x=long,y=lat,group=group),
                            colour = "grey", fill = NA) +
                            geom_path(data=complete.latlon, 
                                      aes(x=lon, y=lat), col="red") +
                                      xlim(-125,-65) + ylim(25,50) +
                                      ggtitle("Deliveries")

![](2017-02-08-TSP_files/figure-markdown_strict/unnamed-chunk-13-1.png)

Now that all of the packages have been delivered to a warehouse, we wish
to know what is the closest facility to pick up the gifts. We need to
first geocode a given address by converting it into latitude and
longitude coordinates. By using the geocode function, we can convert the
text into GPS using the Google Maps API. (Note: Google Maps API is
limited to 2500 calls per day.) The location returns a latitude and
longitude pair.

    my.loc <- "1600 Pennsylvania Ave. Washington DC"
    loc.coords <- geocode(my.loc)
    loc.coords

    ##           lon        lat
    ## 1 -77.0365298 38.8976763

For our Warehouse data, we make use of the Spatial Points library to
note that the latitude and longitude values are not independent points
but rather a coordinate pair. By passing the SpatialPoints function a
dataframe of coordinate pairs in longitude/latitude format, we now have
a set of GPS points we can use to calculate great circle distances.
Distances over large scales are not the typical x/y coordinate Euclidian
distance. Because Earth is a sphere, the shortest distance between
points looks like an arc when plotted on a 2 dimensional surface such as
a map or screen. These routes are called great circles and the
coordinate system WGS84 is used to calculate great circle distances.

By using the function spDists, we can calcuate the distance from our
specified point to any of the warehouses. We append this distance onto
the warehouse dataframe. Because we specify longlat to be True, the
function calculates Great Circle distance instead of euclidian straight
line distance. The distance column of the complete.latlon data now
contains the separation between The White House and each individual
warehouse.

Finally, we return the index of the minimum distance of all of the
computed distances to display the closest warehouse to the White House.

    warehouses.coords <- SpatialPoints(coords = data.frame(lon = complete.latlon$lon, lat = complete.latlon$lat), proj4string = CRS("+proj=longlat +datum=WGS84"))

    my.coords <- SpatialPoints(coords = data.frame(loc.coords), proj4string = CRS("+proj=longlat +datum=WGS84"))

    complete.latlon$distance <- spDists(warehouses.coords, my.coords, longlat = T)

    closest.warehouse <- complete.latlon[which.min(complete.latlon$distance),]

    closest.warehouse

    ##     retailer      type company_id
    ## 453   amazon prime now       UVA1
    ##                                                             location
    ## 453 5617 Industrial Dr, Suite A, Springfield, Virginia,  22151- 4410
    ##                      country  sq_ft yr_open         lat         lon index
    ## 453 United States of America 126900    2015 38.79845428 -77.1696701   441
    ##            distance
    ## 453 15.966158074277

Santa could directly fly the 16 kilometers between the White House and
the Amazon Food warehouse that is closest. However, for the President to
access the location he would need his Secret Service to drive.
Fortunately, ggmap contains the route function that takes two locations,
the start and end points, and returns the Google Maps routing between
the points. Route returns a dataframe that contains the latitude and
longitude coordinates of each of the turns required to travel from point
A to point B (White House to warehouse).

Once we have our routing information, we display it on a map to visulize
the President's journey to pick up his or her package. By adding a
geom\_path layer to the map, we can visualize the routing via the order
of the coordinates in the route.

    warehouse.address <- as.character(closest.warehouse$location)

    route.df <- route(my.loc, warehouse.address, structure = 'route')

    qmap(my.loc, zoom = 11) + geom_path(data = route.df, aes(x = lon, y = lat), color = "red", size = 1.5, lineend = "round")

![](2017-02-08-TSP_files/figure-markdown_strict/unnamed-chunk-16-1.png)

Finally, we use the Leaflet package to transform our static geospatial
visualization created earlier into an interactive map. We first add our
latitude and longitude dataframe and the map images onto the map. We
color each warehouse by its retailer, so that Orange refers to Amazon,
Blue refers to Walmart, Green refers to Sam's Club, and Red refers to
Target. Afterwards, for each warehouse marker on our map, we add a popup
that displays its status. Therefore, we can interactively view each
facility's function, owner, and size. It is extremely easy to see where
warehouse clusters are located, especially those within large cities in
America.

    dynamic.map <- leaflet(complete.latlon)
    dynamic.map <- addTiles(dynamic.map)

    pal <- colorFactor(c('orange','green','red','blue'), domain = complete.latlon$retailer)

    dynamic.map <- addCircleMarkers(dynamic.map, 
                                    popup = paste("Retailer:", complete.latlon$retailer,"<br>",
                                                  'Type:', complete.latlon$type, '<br>',
                                                  'Square Feet:', complete.latlon$sq_ft, '<br>',
                                                  'Opened:', complete.latlon$yr_open,'<br>',
                                                  'Address:',complete.latlon$location,'<br>',
                                                  'Distance from the White House:', round(complete.latlon$distance,3), 'km'),
                                    color = ~pal(retailer), stroke = FALSE, fillOpacity = 0.7)

    dynamic.map

<!--html_preserve-->

<script type="application/json" data-for="htmlwidget-cf0384010b90a98185a5">{"x":{"calls":[{"method":"addTiles","args":["http://{s}.tile.openstreetmap.org/{z}/{x}/{y}.png",null,null,{"minZoom":0,"maxZoom":18,"maxNativeZoom":null,"tileSize":256,"subdomains":"abc","errorTileUrl":"","tms":false,"continuousWorld":false,"noWrap":false,"zoomOffset":0,"zoomReverse":false,"opacity":1,"zIndex":null,"unloadInvisibleTiles":null,"updateWhenIdle":null,"detectRetina":false,"reuseTiles":false,"attribution":"&copy; <a href=\"http://openstreetmap.org\">OpenStreetMap\u003c/a> contributors, <a href=\"http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-sa/2.0/\">CC-BY-SA\u003c/a>"}]},{"method":"addCircleMarkers","args":[[37.37840271,37.40308762,37.51973343,37.72068787,37.64647293,37.76063137,37.97137833,37.74240875,37.74566269,37.74566269,37.46884324,37.9180069,38.54679489,38.67112732,38.67990494,40.10584965,44.5801239,45.51179123,45.53874046,47.0815239,47.11262131,47.2518158,47.54304998,47.57727051,47.58581311,47.61683273,47.728054,47.705379,47.62256674,47.4195604,47.41388083,47.24265289,46.27877045,45.81106447,43.93881226,39.6124115,39.5494663,39.537708,37.28826141,37.25510025,37.25510025,37.25510025,36.28092957,36.0459671,35.44491959,34.23420645,34.03272629,33.96214676,33.83060837,33.8517724,33.91869736,34.09181976,34.11740875,34.00526784,34.11128616,33.88004684,33.74958038,33.6903038,33.68788147,32.74994278,32.88198853,33.13138962,33.96850213,34.0534725,34.04602051,34.04602051,34.01671219,34.01229095,34.01052475,34.01247406,34.01590729,34.01599884,34.02440262,34.072727,34.112064,34.05055618,33.93284988,34.01250458,34.02901077,34.00297165,33.93786621,33.87011535,33.8682251,34.07572937,34.09033203,34.09033203,34.08818054,34.08449936,34.11080933,34.12850529,34.15308103,34.15272903,34.59734344,36.23797226,36.26928024,36.228694,36.0759201,33.3880043,33.3880043,33.41204071,32.86489105,32.08920288,33.44130658,33.45404053,33.43011475,33.43321609,33.44340134,33.44837487,33.45700836,33.45700836,37.16911979,40.60549164,41.55830272,41.1199913,40.42881,40.42881012,38.99854279,38.2795372,34.82611465,34.19462204,27.71946341,29.40797043,29.42457962,29.59712774,29.73512459,29.73512459,29.83211003,30.2200985,31.144451,31.49033928,29.74129982,29.75804329,29.71563242,30.00127494,30.16754039,31.74209213,31.87180519,32.46493556,32.73051453,32.78852463,32.77814865,32.65597321,32.64923859,32.633358,32.622161,32.81828308,32.9143028,32.95799637,32.95497894,32.91731291,32.85503006,32.81837845,32.43489075,32.407485,32.668697,32.82837296,32.97071457,32.99388123,32.96910858,32.970066,33.18693392,33.39661159,34.70013499,35.58269501,38.48472595,38.48472595,39.44325638,41.09014995,38.96431491,38.61915207,38.77216721,39.11210251,39.09302139,38.61112976,36.35267639,36.33348083,36.35992432,36.36664581,36.36559677,36.36025272,36.35857773,36.36022188,36.36764087,36.3781929,36.36664963,36.32155991,36.05464585,35.91136169,35.3208,35.43241359,34.85473251,35.22402272,35.24054337,30.58095865,30.51451631,31.613824,31.26418686,30.5179,32.76654434,31.72030538,33.03390503,33.63844681,33.63844681,33.74566689,33.61582184,33.57589513,33.64346695,33.74882586,33.79213715,33.74831009,33.66400909,33.44818497,33.97599792,33.80782507,34.13370895,35.07612991,35.28287506,36.15398788,37.14321899,38.07781599,38.07469559,37.52723312,37.32605986,37.97462404,37.97999315,37.9840339,38.19809563,38.37905154,38.95601654,39.81114578,40.47694016,39.83179092,39.81755829,39.76691055,39.768615,39.74670792,39.72114944,39.67516327,39.700435,39.69480515,39.74161148,39.96574447,39.97857347,40.05073166,39.64176245,38.71059418,36.7348175,36.16783905,36.13019562,36.1309166,36.13056946,35.77748489,35.56541443,34.6449995,34.14238572,34.49154161,35.078022,38.83188248,38.79133925,38.01033095,39.44658883,40.977725,42.47648621,42.48106766,44.12759781,44.79749389,44.78850937,44.8064537,45.09867096,44.98210162,44.853374,44.9454422,44.89780045,43.93996015,43.51396561,43.07913589,43.01174927,42.25069046,41.77968487,41.31980896,41.91262521,41.67219543,41.48566818,41.48105979,41.40557706,41.42576599,41.42839126,41.63934633,41.83996201,41.88425064,41.90364456,42.03141022,41.803295,41.98699951,42.60681108,42.61226133,42.27784729,41.98560007,41.36657439,42.1497612,43.5352652,43.5352652,45.04797,45.04797,43.17313766,42.77457047,42.98913574,42.98720169,42.93460786,43.179019,42.74739838,42.79281221,43.0158446,43.02552536,44.06219043,42.39376068,42.39433117,42.23316327,42.14894485,41.75883102,41.87647372,41.49078816,40.74793625,40.7820015,40.7820015,40.87866974,40.83398438,40.74919891,40.63266754,40.56445643,40.59336528,40.58503342,40.58513895,40.22016907,40.10806985,40.73141456,41.36846535,41.16779052,41.26403354,41.39582053,41.31594703,40.92230606,40.73660128,40.55628967,40.55769257,39.99529704,39.95227814,39.77508232,39.663902,39.43867111,39.26754761,39.27175976,39.29058075,39.10181768,38.79845428,38.79845428,37.57730708,37.35132962,37.35132962,37.198322,36.71429062,36.70747757,37.19585037,37.19511911,36.29383586,35.82393265,35.96364594,35.53934479,34.93288502,34.80149031,34.179306,32.924789,32.87672043,32.17382813,32.159584,31.77520561,30.43309852,30.46714514,30.29337311,28.45963478,28.45478058,28.30277061,28.30014992,28.25149727,28.07566261,28.073276,27.3935318,25.917249,25.90579224,25.80333687,27.04011536,27.69631386,27.95224953,28.02031517,28.49736977,28.49308777,29.76182476,30.23220442,30.95488071,31.42775215,31.43824959,31.502794,32.39143834,33.91062927,34.54901123,35.00188065,35.00870034,35.3071785,35.62177658,35.1296284,35.22710419,35.39052889,35.35213575,36.050279,36.050279,36.13056183,38.02953339,38.36468887,37.98262405,38.98669124,39.58707809,39.71502766,39.89291847,40.17240143,40.17534256,40.18899155,40.22678757,39.93283081,40.16947299,40.32524872,40.89651108,40.89651108,40.09368315,40.41030787,40.91194153,41.35897827,39.95681539,39.84202576,39.8875885,39.896869,39.97127533,39.95128669,39.94981766,39.52074923,39.24153137,38.98320571,39.06285477,39.08734512,39.07458496],[-122.0076981,-121.8983765,-122.0154572,-122.1842117,-122.3967896,-122.3895769,-122.3551712,-121.5316162,-121.4060287,-121.4060287,-121.1643981,-121.2510071,-121.4175034,-121.5257416,-121.7457199,-122.1875402,-123.1146774,-122.6756287,-122.6968414,-122.7728577,-122.6400223,-122.393898,-122.3281261,-122.3373566,-122.3259039,-122.3390808,-122.345764,-122.18264,-122.1751095,-122.2612111,-122.2545062,-122.2439041,-119.9207382,-119.251336,-120.5585938,-119.8670425,-119.4539568,-119.47602,-120.488533,-119.6175232,-119.6175232,-119.6175232,-119.6532898,-119.0195618,-119.1851349,-118.5842706,-118.4498291,-118.3723068,-118.3839264,-118.31771,-118.3248444,-118.2694244,-118.2508545,-118.147322,-117.9918137,-118.0072021,-117.8742981,-117.8457642,-117.8475189,-117.2012863,-117.1601486,-117.2561569,-117.6576311,-117.6320133,-117.5717316,-117.5717316,-117.5545807,-117.5544052,-117.55439,-117.5441666,-117.543045,-117.5451813,-117.5456009,-117.512977,-117.480529,-117.4549789,-117.4425735,-117.3811798,-117.3322906,-117.3325958,-117.2973785,-117.2433928,-117.2370529,-117.2283554,-117.2401962,-117.2401962,-117.2460022,-117.2637329,-117.3803101,-117.422624,-117.4315853,-117.4262238,-117.1975861,-115.122139,-115.07987,-115.105308,-115.0951157,-112.5579224,-112.5579224,-112.4217987,-111.7703171,-110.7978516,-111.9784793,-112.0738525,-112.193512,-112.2066193,-112.2195435,-112.2210892,-112.2253647,-112.2253647,-113.4233236,-112.2565079,-112.1441909,-104.8998871,-104.968482,-104.968483,-105.5478134,-104.4673309,-106.7698212,-101.7744064,-99.71860819,-98.6267395,-98.49461365,-98.29317905,-98.06399536,-98.06399536,-97.96341687,-97.74904633,-97.364006,-97.16565704,-96.19430959,-95.36141205,-94.91143718,-95.30241944,-95.30000277,-95.61906433,-95.65638733,-95.41824929,-96.3343277,-96.67424774,-96.79540253,-96.74945176,-96.75668335,-96.79886627,-96.836921,-96.89147186,-96.90002829,-97.01693726,-97.02039337,-96.98073126,-96.97759247,-97.04308319,-97.05619812,-97.426528,-97.324783,-97.35449219,-97.33527374,-97.30268097,-97.28874969,-97.250015,-97.17337623,-97.17625022,-97.24772036,-97.50861359,-98.38017273,-98.38017273,-98.95733643,-100.727159,-95.69550924,-95.27883911,-94.94548035,-94.68661499,-94.67440796,-94.35575104,-94.12863159,-94.12471008,-94.18238831,-94.18480682,-94.18887329,-94.19280633,-94.194664,-94.19666201,-94.19648364,-94.22254944,-94.21923828,-94.25616455,-94.19160001,-94.97267151,-94.344627,-93.52949739,-92.3946991,-91.7293556,-91.70126343,-92.03240834,-90.32036439,-90.420204,-89.26797485,-88.242376,-86.84028625,-85.83729543,-84.95891571,-85.12020111,-85.12020111,-84.94631186,-84.59880829,-84.53887627,-84.50001526,-84.59008969,-84.44793701,-84.39111328,-84.34317017,-84.18470001,-84.11444092,-83.67588088,-83.79026794,-85.15158844,-84.8131485,-83.03527069,-84.17465973,-84.53165241,-84.54927063,-85.28762054,-85.35279728,-85.68337351,-85.68525307,-85.68722114,-85.69172725,-85.69092259,-85.84926605,-85.7765274,-85.5820694,-85.92910004,-86.02503967,-86.14996338,-86.295372,-86.29574585,-86.32675934,-86.32415771,-86.342849,-86.35845184,-86.34844208,-86.38152838,-86.38423003,-86.87097168,-86.8317204,-88.12199402,-87.47741699,-86.7781601,-86.69237518,-86.40607452,-86.40444946,-86.36366272,-86.46109009,-86.84391439,-86.8459864,-89.06369448,-89.92764282,-89.93251038,-90.08177653,-91.62312604,-92.41768956,-91.528022,-92.47128296,-92.47042084,-93.97535706,-93.48785944,-93.44298553,-93.36429596,-93.24638367,-93.2151901,-93.136138,-92.91287231,-91.85990906,-90.8290118,-88.79357147,-88.4768219,-87.96323395,-88.88376617,-89.79052886,-89.19985962,-88.74066465,-88.1155014,-88.0802002,-88.07099886,-88.13120104,-87.77007294,-87.74761766,-87.49666616,-87.68299866,-87.63244629,-87.65280151,-87.77781677,-88.097259,-87.98768616,-87.95153663,-87.94414915,-85.38256073,-84.98004533,-85.11051536,-83.26625061,-79.8903028,-79.8903028,-74.70932,-74.70932,-75.31317139,-74.58434296,-74.40527344,-74.39250183,-74.24039327,-73.718132,-73.69259644,-71.52822398,-71.40033893,-71.1665985,-70.19020334,-71.03237152,-71.05556779,-71.13987833,-71.06182098,-71.09461975,-72.69646347,-72.76265636,-73.49291992,-73.83170319,-73.83170319,-74.07634735,-74.05044556,-73.98519897,-73.96692657,-74.22407269,-74.22606893,-74.2547226,-74.26098056,-74.63337708,-74.79728691,-75.27639113,-75.1516825,-75.40476099,-75.49965017,-75.70223875,-75.76305784,-76.04891205,-76.30917236,-75.62169647,-75.61895549,-75.07731289,-75.1624527,-75.37987679,-75.59027,-75.73313904,-76.54810333,-76.55126318,-76.60926056,-77.14175418,-77.1696701,-77.1696701,-77.48223178,-77.32397608,-77.32397608,-76.59999,-76.24784088,-76.66335297,-77.50269318,-77.53369264,-78.38238381,-78.61334229,-78.80236816,-79.18541718,-78.89790908,-80.40986225,-80.679016,-80.059669,-80.00927734,-81.17550659,-81.195968,-81.35263824,-81.57535382,-81.67237937,-82.08572388,-81.43952942,-81.44618988,-81.5980072,-81.69245148,-81.66416931,-81.8989563,-81.676582,-80.38800049,-80.226478,-80.25978088,-80.30512065,-81.95446777,-82.44941711,-82.36575317,-82.0531311,-82.21511078,-82.47229004,-82.54183017,-82.63850771,-83.73162523,-83.48449722,-83.44924927,-82.86985,-81.83401532,-81.04978943,-81.99890137,-82.03803253,-82.02914268,-81.57785797,-81.30474854,-80.93153648,-80.84321594,-80.71871728,-80.6582395,-79.328786,-79.328786,-79.26565552,-78.99951935,-78.91730499,-78.20178223,-77.43954375,-77.82892609,-77.72141039,-77.67080516,-77.23470306,-77.23203278,-77.2264328,-77.11352539,-76.82025909,-76.84068628,-76.77259064,-77.83875275,-77.83875275,-78.52418482,-80.73916376,-81.45695496,-81.52348328,-82.7117984,-82.93731689,-83.04450989,-83.101959,-83.10050201,-83.34030099,-83.34776306,-83.3952447,-84.48200989,-84.62712966,-84.71887207,-84.72550964,-84.71832275],10,null,null,{"lineCap":null,"lineJoin":null,"clickable":true,"pointerEvents":null,"className":"","stroke":false,"color":["#FFA500","#FFA500","#FFA500","#FFA500","#FFA500","#FFA500","#FFA500","#FFA500","#FFA500","#FFA500","#FFA500","#FFA500","#FFA500","#FFA500","#00FF00","#0000FF","#FF0000","#FFA500","#FFA500","#FF0000","#FFA500","#00FF00","#FFA500","#FFA500","#FFA500","#FFA500","#FFA500","#FFA500","#FFA500","#FFA500","#FFA500","#FFA500","#0000FF","#0000FF","#FFA500","#FFA500","#FFA500","#0000FF","#0000FF","#FFA500","#FFA500","#0000FF","#0000FF","#0000FF","#FF0000","#FFA500","#FFA500","#FFA500","#FFA500","#0000FF","#FFA500","#FFA500","#FFA500","#FFA500","#0000FF","#FFA500","#FFA500","#FFA500","#FFA500","#FFA500","#FFA500","#FFA500","#0000FF","#00FF00","#FF0000","#FF0000","#0000FF","#0000FF","#0000FF","#0000FF","#0000FF","#0000FF","#0000FF","#0000FF","#FF0000","#0000FF","#FFA500","#0000FF","#0000FF","#0000FF","#FFA500","#FFA500","#FFA500","#FFA500","#FFA500","#FFA500","#FFA500","#FFA500","#FF0000","#FFA500","#FF0000","#FF0000","#0000FF","#0000FF","#FFA500","#FFA500","#FFA500","#00FF00","#0000FF","#FFA500","#0000FF","#FF0000","#FFA500","#FFA500","#FFA500","#FFA500","#FF0000","#FF0000","#FFA500","#FFA500","#0000FF","#0000FF","#0000FF","#0000FF","#00FF00","#0000FF","#0000FF","#FF0000","#0000FF","#0000FF","#0000FF","#FFA500","#FFA500","#FFA500","#00FF00","#0000FF","#FFA500","#FFA500","#0000FF","#0000FF","#0000FF","#FFA500","#0000FF","#FFA500","#0000FF","#0000FF","#0000FF","#FF0000","#0000FF","#0000FF","#FFA500","#FFA500","#0000FF","#FFA500","#00FF00","#0000FF","#FFA500","#FFA500","#FFA500","#FFA500","#FFA500","#FFA500","#FF0000","#0000FF","#FF0000","#FFA500","#FFA500","#FFA500","#0000FF","#0000FF","#FF0000","#0000FF","#0000FF","#0000FF","#FFA500","#FFA500","#FFA500","#0000FF","#FF0000","#0000FF","#FFA500","#FFA500","#00FF00","#0000FF","#0000FF","#0000FF","#0000FF","#0000FF","#0000FF","#0000FF","#0000FF","#0000FF","#0000FF","#0000FF","#0000FF","#0000FF","#0000FF","#0000FF","#0000FF","#0000FF","#FF0000","#0000FF","#00FF00","#0000FF","#0000FF","#0000FF","#00FF00","#0000FF","#0000FF","#0000FF","#0000FF","#0000FF","#0000FF","#00FF00","#0000FF","#FFA500","#FFA500","#FFA500","#FFA500","#FFA500","#0000FF","#0000FF","#FFA500","#0000FF","#FFA500","#FFA500","#FFA500","#0000FF","#0000FF","#FFA500","#FFA500","#FFA500","#FFA500","#FFA500","#FFA500","#FFA500","#FFA500","#FFA500","#0000FF","#00FF00","#0000FF","#0000FF","#0000FF","#FFA500","#FF0000","#FF0000","#FFA500","#FFA500","#FFA500","#FFA500","#0000FF","#FFA500","#FFA500","#0000FF","#0000FF","#0000FF","#0000FF","#FFA500","#FFA500","#FFA500","#FFA500","#FFA500","#0000FF","#FF0000","#0000FF","#0000FF","#0000FF","#FFA500","#FFA500","#0000FF","#0000FF","#0000FF","#FF0000","#FF0000","#0000FF","#FFA500","#FFA500","#00FF00","#FF0000","#FFA500","#FFA500","#FF0000","#0000FF","#0000FF","#0000FF","#FF0000","#FFA500","#0000FF","#0000FF","#0000FF","#FF0000","#FFA500","#FFA500","#FFA500","#0000FF","#FFA500","#00FF00","#0000FF","#FFA500","#FFA500","#FFA500","#FFA500","#FFA500","#FFA500","#FFA500","#FFA500","#FF0000","#0000FF","#0000FF","#00FF00","#FF0000","#FF0000","#FF0000","#FF0000","#0000FF","#0000FF","#0000FF","#0000FF","#FF0000","#FF0000","#FFA500","#FFA500","#00FF00","#0000FF","#0000FF","#FFA500","#FFA500","#FFA500","#FFA500","#FFA500","#FFA500","#FFA500","#FFA500","#FFA500","#FFA500","#FFA500","#FFA500","#FFA500","#FFA500","#FFA500","#FFA500","#FFA500","#FFA500","#FFA500","#FFA500","#FFA500","#0000FF","#0000FF","#FFA500","#00FF00","#FFA500","#FFA500","#0000FF","#FFA500","#FFA500","#FFA500","#FFA500","#FFA500","#FFA500","#FFA500","#FFA500","#FFA500","#FFA500","#FFA500","#FFA500","#FFA500","#FFA500","#FFA500","#FFA500","#0000FF","#FFA500","#FF0000","#FFA500","#0000FF","#0000FF","#FFA500","#FFA500","#FFA500","#0000FF","#0000FF","#FF0000","#FFA500","#0000FF","#FF0000","#0000FF","#FF0000","#FFA500","#FFA500","#0000FF","#FFA500","#FFA500","#0000FF","#0000FF","#FFA500","#00FF00","#0000FF","#0000FF","#FFA500","#FFA500","#FFA500","#0000FF","#FFA500","#FFA500","#FFA500","#0000FF","#FFA500","#0000FF","#FF0000","#00FF00","#0000FF","#FF0000","#0000FF","#0000FF","#FFA500","#0000FF","#0000FF","#FFA500","#0000FF","#FF0000","#00FF00","#FFA500","#FFA500","#0000FF","#00FF00","#0000FF","#00FF00","#FF0000","#0000FF","#0000FF","#FFA500","#0000FF","#00FF00","#FF0000","#FFA500","#FFA500","#FFA500","#FFA500","#FF0000","#FFA500","#FFA500","#0000FF","#FFA500","#0000FF","#0000FF","#00FF00","#FFA500","#FFA500","#0000FF","#FFA500","#0000FF","#FFA500","#FF0000","#FF0000","#0000FF","#FFA500","#FFA500","#FFA500","#FFA500","#FFA500"],"weight":5,"opacity":0.5,"fill":true,"fillColor":["#FFA500","#FFA500","#FFA500","#FFA500","#FFA500","#FFA500","#FFA500","#FFA500","#FFA500","#FFA500","#FFA500","#FFA500","#FFA500","#FFA500","#00FF00","#0000FF","#FF0000","#FFA500","#FFA500","#FF0000","#FFA500","#00FF00","#FFA500","#FFA500","#FFA500","#FFA500","#FFA500","#FFA500","#FFA500","#FFA500","#FFA500","#FFA500","#0000FF","#0000FF","#FFA500","#FFA500","#FFA500","#0000FF","#0000FF","#FFA500","#FFA500","#0000FF","#0000FF","#0000FF","#FF0000","#FFA500","#FFA500","#FFA500","#FFA500","#0000FF","#FFA500","#FFA500","#FFA500","#FFA500","#0000FF","#FFA500","#FFA500","#FFA500","#FFA500","#FFA500","#FFA500","#FFA500","#0000FF","#00FF00","#FF0000","#FF0000","#0000FF","#0000FF","#0000FF","#0000FF","#0000FF","#0000FF","#0000FF","#0000FF","#FF0000","#0000FF","#FFA500","#0000FF","#0000FF","#0000FF","#FFA500","#FFA500","#FFA500","#FFA500","#FFA500","#FFA500","#FFA500","#FFA500","#FF0000","#FFA500","#FF0000","#FF0000","#0000FF","#0000FF","#FFA500","#FFA500","#FFA500","#00FF00","#0000FF","#FFA500","#0000FF","#FF0000","#FFA500","#FFA500","#FFA500","#FFA500","#FF0000","#FF0000","#FFA500","#FFA500","#0000FF","#0000FF","#0000FF","#0000FF","#00FF00","#0000FF","#0000FF","#FF0000","#0000FF","#0000FF","#0000FF","#FFA500","#FFA500","#FFA500","#00FF00","#0000FF","#FFA500","#FFA500","#0000FF","#0000FF","#0000FF","#FFA500","#0000FF","#FFA500","#0000FF","#0000FF","#0000FF","#FF0000","#0000FF","#0000FF","#FFA500","#FFA500","#0000FF","#FFA500","#00FF00","#0000FF","#FFA500","#FFA500","#FFA500","#FFA500","#FFA500","#FFA500","#FF0000","#0000FF","#FF0000","#FFA500","#FFA500","#FFA500","#0000FF","#0000FF","#FF0000","#0000FF","#0000FF","#0000FF","#FFA500","#FFA500","#FFA500","#0000FF","#FF0000","#0000FF","#FFA500","#FFA500","#00FF00","#0000FF","#0000FF","#0000FF","#0000FF","#0000FF","#0000FF","#0000FF","#0000FF","#0000FF","#0000FF","#0000FF","#0000FF","#0000FF","#0000FF","#0000FF","#0000FF","#0000FF","#FF0000","#0000FF","#00FF00","#0000FF","#0000FF","#0000FF","#00FF00","#0000FF","#0000FF","#0000FF","#0000FF","#0000FF","#0000FF","#00FF00","#0000FF","#FFA500","#FFA500","#FFA500","#FFA500","#FFA500","#0000FF","#0000FF","#FFA500","#0000FF","#FFA500","#FFA500","#FFA500","#0000FF","#0000FF","#FFA500","#FFA500","#FFA500","#FFA500","#FFA500","#FFA500","#FFA500","#FFA500","#FFA500","#0000FF","#00FF00","#0000FF","#0000FF","#0000FF","#FFA500","#FF0000","#FF0000","#FFA500","#FFA500","#FFA500","#FFA500","#0000FF","#FFA500","#FFA500","#0000FF","#0000FF","#0000FF","#0000FF","#FFA500","#FFA500","#FFA500","#FFA500","#FFA500","#0000FF","#FF0000","#0000FF","#0000FF","#0000FF","#FFA500","#FFA500","#0000FF","#0000FF","#0000FF","#FF0000","#FF0000","#0000FF","#FFA500","#FFA500","#00FF00","#FF0000","#FFA500","#FFA500","#FF0000","#0000FF","#0000FF","#0000FF","#FF0000","#FFA500","#0000FF","#0000FF","#0000FF","#FF0000","#FFA500","#FFA500","#FFA500","#0000FF","#FFA500","#00FF00","#0000FF","#FFA500","#FFA500","#FFA500","#FFA500","#FFA500","#FFA500","#FFA500","#FFA500","#FF0000","#0000FF","#0000FF","#00FF00","#FF0000","#FF0000","#FF0000","#FF0000","#0000FF","#0000FF","#0000FF","#0000FF","#FF0000","#FF0000","#FFA500","#FFA500","#00FF00","#0000FF","#0000FF","#FFA500","#FFA500","#FFA500","#FFA500","#FFA500","#FFA500","#FFA500","#FFA500","#FFA500","#FFA500","#FFA500","#FFA500","#FFA500","#FFA500","#FFA500","#FFA500","#FFA500","#FFA500","#FFA500","#FFA500","#FFA500","#0000FF","#0000FF","#FFA500","#00FF00","#FFA500","#FFA500","#0000FF","#FFA500","#FFA500","#FFA500","#FFA500","#FFA500","#FFA500","#FFA500","#FFA500","#FFA500","#FFA500","#FFA500","#FFA500","#FFA500","#FFA500","#FFA500","#FFA500","#0000FF","#FFA500","#FF0000","#FFA500","#0000FF","#0000FF","#FFA500","#FFA500","#FFA500","#0000FF","#0000FF","#FF0000","#FFA500","#0000FF","#FF0000","#0000FF","#FF0000","#FFA500","#FFA500","#0000FF","#FFA500","#FFA500","#0000FF","#0000FF","#FFA500","#00FF00","#0000FF","#0000FF","#FFA500","#FFA500","#FFA500","#0000FF","#FFA500","#FFA500","#FFA500","#0000FF","#FFA500","#0000FF","#FF0000","#00FF00","#0000FF","#FF0000","#0000FF","#0000FF","#FFA500","#0000FF","#0000FF","#FFA500","#0000FF","#FF0000","#00FF00","#FFA500","#FFA500","#0000FF","#00FF00","#0000FF","#00FF00","#FF0000","#0000FF","#0000FF","#FFA500","#0000FF","#00FF00","#FF0000","#FFA500","#FFA500","#FFA500","#FFA500","#FF0000","#FFA500","#FFA500","#0000FF","#FFA500","#0000FF","#0000FF","#00FF00","#FFA500","#FFA500","#0000FF","#FFA500","#0000FF","#FFA500","#FF0000","#FF0000","#0000FF","#FFA500","#FFA500","#FFA500","#FFA500","#FFA500"],"fillOpacity":0.7,"dashArray":null},null,null,["Retailer: amazon <br> Type: prime now <br> Square Feet: 24000 <br> Opened: 2015 <br> Address: 222 Commercial Street, Sunnyvale, California,  94085-4508 <br> Distance from the White House: 3905.826 km","Retailer: amazon <br> Type: delivery sort <br> Square Feet: NA <br> Opened: 2013 <br> Address: 1700 Montague Expy, San Jose, California,  95131 <br> Distance from the White House: 3895.766 km","Retailer: amazon <br> Type: sort <br> Square Feet: 574700 <br> Opened: 2014 <br> Address: 38811 Cherry Street, Newark, California,  94560-4939 <br> Distance from the White House: 3902.011 km","Retailer: amazon <br> Type: delivery sort <br> Square Feet: NA <br> Opened: 2013 <br> Address: 990 Beecher St, San Leandro, California,  94577 <br> Distance from the White House: 3910.023 km","Retailer: amazon <br> Type: delivery sort <br> Square Feet: 111000 <br> Opened: 2016 <br> Address: 250 Utah Avenue, South San Francisco, California,  94080-6801 <br> Distance from the White House: 3930.334 km","Retailer: amazon <br> Type: prime now <br> Square Feet: 39000 <br> Opened: 2015 <br> Address: 888 Tennessee Street, San Francisco, California,  94112 <br> Distance from the White House: 3926.16 km","Retailer: amazon <br> Type: delivery sort <br> Square Feet: 224200 <br> Opened: 2016 <br> Address: 6015 Giant Road. Richmond. California,  94080-6801 <br> Distance from the White House: 3916.761 km","Retailer: amazon <br> Type: general merchandise <br> Square Feet: 1001400 <br> Opened: 2016 <br> Address: 188 Mountain House Parkway, Tracy, California, USA. 95377- 8906 <br> Distance from the White House: 3854.092 km","Retailer: amazon <br> Type: general merchandise <br> Square Feet: 1200000 <br> Opened: 2013 <br> Address: 1555 N. Chrisman Rd., Tracy, California.  95304-9370 <br> Distance from the White House: 3843.353 km","Retailer: amazon <br> Type: food <br> Square Feet: 94560 <br> Opened: 2013 <br> Address: 1555 N. Chrisman Rd. Tracy, California,  95304-9370 <br> Distance from the White House: 3843.353 km","Retailer: amazon <br> Type: general merchandise <br> Square Feet: 1e+06 <br> Opened: 2013 <br> Address: 255 Park Center Drive,\nPatterson, California,  95363-8876 <br> Distance from the White House: 3831.401 km","Retailer: amazon <br> Type: general merchandise <br> Square Feet: 508000 <br> Opened: 2013 <br> Address: 1909 Zephyr Street. Stockton. California,  95206 <br> Distance from the White House: 3825.003 km","Retailer: amazon <br> Type: prime now <br> Square Feet: 20000 <br> Opened: 2016 <br> Address: 2934 Ramona Avenue, Sacramento, California.  95826-3813 <br> Distance from the White House: 3820.669 km","Retailer: amazon <br> Type: general merchandise <br> Square Feet: 855000 <br> Opened: 2017 <br> Address: Metro Air Parkway, Sacramento. California, USA. 95835 <br> Distance from the White House: 3826.26 km","Retailer: sam's club <br> Type: general merchandise <br> Square Feet: 65200 <br> Opened: 2004 <br> Address: 1600 Tide Court, Woodland, CA, 95776-6210 <br> Distance from the White House: 3844.523 km","Retailer: walmart <br> Type: general merchandise <br> Square Feet: 1170000 <br> Opened: 1994 <br> Address: 10815 State Highway 99W, Red Bluff, CA, 96080 <br> Distance from the White House: 3843.54 km","Retailer: target <br> Type: general merchandise <br> Square Feet: 1470000 <br> Opened: 1997 <br> Address: 875 Beta Drive SW, Albany, Oregon, 97321 <br> Distance from the White House: 3832.799 km","Retailer: amazon <br> Type: delivery sort <br> Square Feet: NA <br> Opened: 2016 <br> Address: Portland, Oregon, USA 75234 <br> Distance from the White House: 3787.27 km","Retailer: amazon <br> Type: prime now <br> Square Feet: NA <br> Opened: 2015 <br> Address: 2250 Northwest 22nd Avenue, Portland, Oregon,  97210 <br> Distance from the White House: 3788.641 km","Retailer: target <br> Type: inbound <br> Square Feet: 2e+06 <br> Opened: 2003 <br> Address: 3500 Marvin Road N.E., Lacey, Washington, 98516 <br> Distance from the White House: 3781.853 km","Retailer: amazon <br> Type: general merchandise <br> Square Feet: 1e+06 <br> Opened: 2015 <br> Address: 2700 Center Drive, Dupont, Washington,  98327-9607 <br> Distance from the White House: 3771.599 km","Retailer: sam's club <br> Type: general merchandise <br> Square Feet: 103200 <br> Opened: 1993 <br> Address: 2810 E Marshall Ave Ste A, Tacoma, WA, 98421 <br> Distance from the White House: 3752.214 km","Retailer: amazon <br> Type: delivery sort <br> Square Feet: 26200 <br> Opened: 2015 <br> Address: 6705 E Marginal Way, Seattle , Washington,  98108 <br> Distance from the White House: 3745.923 km","Retailer: amazon <br> Type: prime now <br> Square Feet: NA <br> Opened: 2016 <br> Address: 2401 Utah Ave South, First Floor, Seattle , Washington,  98134 <br> Distance from the White House: 3746.478 km","Retailer: amazon <br> Type: prime now <br> Square Feet: 17500 <br> Opened: 2016 <br> Address: 1926 6th Ave. S., Seattle , Washington,  98134 <br> Distance from the White House: 3745.583 km","Retailer: amazon <br> Type: prime now <br> Square Feet: 18900 <br> Opened: 2015 <br> Address: 2121 8th Ave., Seattle , Washington,  98121 <br> Distance from the White House: 3746.451 km","Retailer: amazon <br> Type: prime now <br> Square Feet: 38400 <br> Opened: 2015 <br> Address: 13537 Aurora Ave. N., North\nSeattle, Washington,  98133 <br> Distance from the White House: 3746.536 km","Retailer: amazon <br> Type: prime now <br> Square Feet: 38300 <br> Opened: 2015 <br> Address: 11710 118th Ave. N.E. , Building B, Kirkland, Washington,  98034 <br> Distance from the White House: 3734.382 km","Retailer: amazon <br> Type: food <br> Square Feet: 313300 <br> Opened: 2007 <br> Address: 1227 124th Ave NE, Building 2, Bellevue, Washington.  98005-2111 <br> Distance from the White House: 3734.111 km","Retailer: amazon <br> Type: sort <br> Square Feet: 318200 <br> Opened: 2014 <br> Address: 20529 59th Place South,\nBuilding B, Kent, Washington,  98032 <br> Distance from the White House: 3741.406 km","Retailer: amazon <br> Type: general merchandise <br> Square Feet: 8e+05 <br> Opened: 2016 <br> Address: 21005 64th Ave. S. Kent, Washington.  98032-2423 <br> Distance from the White House: 3740.926 km","Retailer: amazon <br> Type: general merchandise <br> Square Feet: 492000 <br> Opened: 2011 <br> Address: 1800 140th Avenue E., Sumner. Washington, USA. 98390-9624 <br> Distance from the White House: 3740.916 km","Retailer: walmart <br> Type: food <br> Square Feet: 880000 <br> Opened: 2004 <br> Address: 546 Woodall Rd., Grandview, WA, 98930 <br> Distance from the White House: 3568.179 km","Retailer: walmart <br> Type: general merchandise <br> Square Feet: 1175000 <br> Opened: 1998 <br> Address: 2650 Highway 395 South, Hermiston, OR, 97838 <br> Distance from the White House: 3518.741 km","Retailer: amazon <br> Type: sort <br> Square Feet: 303000 <br> Opened: 2016 <br> Address: 5647 NW Huffman Street, Washington, Hillsboro, Oregon, USA. 97124-5848 <br> Distance from the White House: 3638.433 km","Retailer: amazon <br> Type: general merchandise <br> Square Feet: 634000 <br> Opened: 2015 <br> Address: 8000 North Virginia Street , Reno, Nevada,  89506 <br> Distance from the White House: 3662.131 km","Retailer: amazon <br> Type: general merchandise <br> Square Feet: 566900 <br> Opened: 2010 <br> Address: 555 Milan Dr, Sparks, Nevada. USA. 89434 <br> Distance from the White House: 3629.056 km","Retailer: walmart <br> Type: food <br> Square Feet: 890000 <br> Opened: 2006 <br> Address: 2155 USA Pkwy, Sparks (MacCarran), NV, 89434 <br> Distance from the White House: 3631.193 km","Retailer: walmart <br> Type: general merchandise <br> Square Feet: 1200000 <br> Opened: 2013 <br> Address: Childs Avenue, Merced, CA <br> Distance from the White House: 3779.593 km","Retailer: amazon <br> Type: delivery sort <br> Square Feet: NA <br> Opened: 2016 <br> Address: San Francsico Bay Area. California, USA <br> Distance from the White House: 3706.466 km","Retailer: amazon <br> Type: prime now <br> Square Feet: 21000 <br> Opened: 2015 <br> Address: 3100 San Pablo Ave. Ste 120, West Berkley, California,  94702 <br> Distance from the White House: 3706.466 km","Retailer: walmart <br> Type: food <br> Square Feet: 450000 <br> Opened: 2018 <br> Address: 19799 East 36th Drive, Majestic Commerce Center, Aurora, CA, 80011 <br> Distance from the White House: 3706.466 km","Retailer: walmart <br> Type: pharmacy <br> Square Feet: 70900 <br> Opened: 1994 <br> Address: 13231 11th Ave, Hanford, CA, 93230 <br> Distance from the White House: 3740.93 km","Retailer: walmart <br> Type: general merchandise <br> Square Feet: 1200000 <br> Opened: 1991 <br> Address: 1300 South F Street, Porterville, CA, 93257-5968 <br> Distance from the White House: 3694.531 km","Retailer: target <br> Type: general merchandise <br> Square Feet: 2100000 <br> Opened: 2003 <br> Address: 3880 Zachary Ave, Shafter, California, 93263 <br> Distance from the White House: 3729.634 km","Retailer: amazon <br> Type: delivery sort <br> Square Feet: 29200 <br> Opened: 2013 <br> Address: 9031 Lurline Ave, Chatsworth, California,  91311 <br> Distance from the White House: 3722.675 km","Retailer: amazon <br> Type: prime now <br> Square Feet: 28800 <br> Opened: 2015 <br> Address: 11800 W Olympic Blvd, Los Angeles, California,  90064- 1100 <br> Distance from the White House: 3718.866 km","Retailer: amazon <br> Type: delivery sort <br> Square Feet: 27700 <br> Opened: 2013 <br> Address: 900 W Florence Ave, Inglewood, California,  90301 <br> Distance from the White House: 3714.922 km","Retailer: amazon <br> Type: prime now <br> Square Feet: NA <br> Opened: 2015 <br> Address: Redondo Beach, California,  90277 <br> Distance from the White House: 3721.101 km","Retailer: walmart <br> Type: closed <br> Square Feet: 1087500 <br> Opened: 1994 <br> Address: 19688 Van Ness, Torrance, CA, 90501 <br> Distance from the White House: 3714.538 km","Retailer: amazon <br> Type: delivery sort <br> Square Feet: 170000 <br> Opened: 2016 <br> Address: 2815 W. El Segundo Blvd., Hawthorne, California,  90250 <br> Distance from the White House: 3712.522 km","Retailer: amazon <br> Type: prime now <br> Square Feet: NA <br> Opened: 2015 <br> Address: Silver Lake, California,  90001 <br> Distance from the White House: 3700.97 km","Retailer: amazon <br> Type: prime now <br> Square Feet: 58900 <br> Opened: 2015 <br> Address: 3334 North San Fernando Road , Los Angeles, California,  90065-1417 <br> Distance from the White House: 3698.373 km","Retailer: amazon <br> Type: delivery sort <br> Square Feet: 48400 <br> Opened: 2013 <br> Address: 5829 Smithway St, Commerce, California,  90040 <br> Distance from the White House: 3693.781 km","Retailer: walmart <br> Type: domestic-inbound <br> Square Feet: 108850 <br> Opened: 2009 <br> Address: 600 Live Oak Ave, Irwindale, CA, 91706 <br> Distance from the White House: 3676.214 km","Retailer: amazon <br> Type: delivery sort <br> Square Feet: 330000 <br> Opened: 2013 <br> Address: 5650 Dolly Ave, Buena Park. California,  90621 <br> Distance from the White House: 3686.565 km","Retailer: amazon <br> Type: delivery sort <br> Square Feet: NA <br> Opened: 2015 <br> Address: Santa Ana, California, USA <br> Distance from the White House: 3680.214 km","Retailer: amazon <br> Type: prime now <br> Square Feet: 45300 <br> Opened: 2015 <br> Address: 2006 McGaw Ave, Irvine, California,  92614 <br> Distance from the White House: 3680.097 km","Retailer: amazon <br> Type: general merchandise <br> Square Feet: 187800 <br> Opened: TBD <br> Address: 17871 Von Karman Ave.. Irvine. California, USA. 92614 <br> Distance from the White House: 3680.345 km","Retailer: amazon <br> Type: prime now <br> Square Feet: 37800 <br> Opened: 2015 <br> Address: 2727 Kurtz St, San Diego, California,  92110 <br> Distance from the White House: 3662.746 km","Retailer: amazon <br> Type: delivery sort <br> Square Feet: 58400 <br> Opened: 2013 <br> Address: 7130 Miramar Rd. 300A, San Diego, California,  92121 <br> Distance from the White House: 3653.644 km","Retailer: amazon <br> Type: delivery sort <br> Square Feet: 39700 <br> Opened: 2013 <br> Address: 2777 Loker Ave W, Carlsbad. California,  92010-6517 <br> Distance from the White House: 3651.632 km","Retailer: walmart <br> Type: e-commerce <br> Square Feet: 1200000 <br> Opened: 2016 <br> Address: 6750 Kimball Ave., Chino, CA, 91708 <br> Distance from the White House: 3652.859 km","Retailer: sam's club <br> Type: general merchandise <br> Square Feet: 60000 <br> Opened: 1993 <br> Address: 1000 S. Cucamonga Ave, Ontario, CA, 91761 <br> Distance from the White House: 3647.338 km","Retailer: target <br> Type: closed <br> Square Feet: 1225000 <br> Opened: 2001 <br> Address: 1505 South Haven, Ontario, California, 91761 <br> Distance from the White House: 3642.412 km","Retailer: target <br> Type: e-commerce <br> Square Feet: 725000 <br> Opened: 2009 <br> Address: 1505 South Haven, Ontario, California, 91761 <br> Distance from the White House: 3642.412 km","Retailer: walmart <br> Type: closed <br> Square Feet: 397630 <br> Opened: 2001 <br> Address: 12400 Riverside Drive, Mira Loma, CA, 91752 <br> Distance from the White House: 3642.066 km","Retailer: walmart <br> Type: inbound-foreign <br> Square Feet: 901700 <br> Opened: 2000 <br> Address: Building 1, 4100 Hamner Ave., Mira Loma, CA, 91752 <br> Distance from the White House: 3642.223 km","Retailer: walmart <br> Type: inbound-foreign <br> Square Feet: 755100 <br> Opened: 1999 <br> Address: Building 5, 4250 Hamner Ave. , Mira Loma, CA, 91752 <br> Distance from the White House: 3642.29 km","Retailer: walmart <br> Type: inbound-foreign <br> Square Feet: 448000 <br> Opened: 2000 <br> Address: 4155 Wineville Avenue, Mira Loma, CA, 91752 <br> Distance from the White House: 3641.33 km","Retailer: walmart <br> Type: closed <br> Square Feet: 656700 <br> Opened: 2001 <br> Address: 11850 Riverside Drive, Mira Loma, CA, 91752 <br> Distance from the White House: 3641.1 km","Retailer: walmart <br> Type: inbound-foreign <br> Square Feet: 650400 <br> Opened: 2001 <br> Address: Building 4, 11900 Riverside drive, Mira Loma, CA, 91752 <br> Distance from the White House: 3641.281 km","Retailer: walmart <br> Type: domestic-inbound <br> Square Feet: 599340 <br> Opened: 2009 <br> Address: 11888 Mission Blvd, Mira Loma, CA, 91752 <br> Distance from the White House: 3640.991 km","Retailer: walmart <br> Type: food <br> Square Feet: 758000 <br> Opened: 2004 <br> Address: 13550 Valley Blvd, Fontana, CA, 92335 <br> Distance from the White House: 3636.295 km","Retailer: target <br> Type: general merchandise <br> Square Feet: 1423000 <br> Opened: 1987 <br> Address: 14750 Miller Avenue, Fontana, California, 92336 <br> Distance from the White House: 3631.967 km","Retailer: walmart <br> Type: e-commerce <br> Square Feet: 639500 <br> Opened: 2016 <br> Address: 11188 Citrus Ave, Fontana, CA, 92337 <br> Distance from the White House: 3632.136 km","Retailer: amazon <br> Type: general merchandise <br> Square Feet: 1007700 <br> Opened: 2016 <br> Address: 5250 Goodman Way, Eastvale. California.  91752-5088 <br> Distance from the White House: 3635.643 km","Retailer: walmart <br> Type: closed <br> Square Feet: 253000 <br> Opened: 2001 <br> Address: 2356 Fleetwood Drive, Riverside, CA, 92509 <br> Distance from the White House: 3627.228 km","Retailer: walmart <br> Type: domestic-inbound <br> Square Feet: 125800 <br> Opened: 2006 <br> Address: 280 De Berry St, Colton, CA, 92324 <br> Distance from the White House: 3622.357 km","Retailer: walmart <br> Type: food <br> Square Feet: 520000 <br> Opened: 2011 <br> Address: 1001 Columbia Ave., Riverside, CA, 92507 <br> Distance from the White House: 3623.394 km","Retailer: amazon <br> Type: delivery sort <br> Square Feet: 36000 <br> Opened: 2016 <br> Address: 6250 Sycamore Canyon Blvd. Riverside, California. USA 92507- 0771 <br> Distance from the White House: 3622.882 km","Retailer: amazon <br> Type: general merchandise <br> Square Feet: 1250000 <br> Opened: 2014 <br> Address: 24208 San Michelle Rd, Moreno Valley, California,  92551- 9561 <br> Distance from the White House: 3620.859 km","Retailer: amazon <br> Type: general merchandise <br> Square Feet: 769300 <br> Opened: 2014 <br> Address: 24300 Nandina Ave, Moreno Valley, California,  92551- 9534 <br> Distance from the White House: 3620.384 km","Retailer: amazon <br> Type: general merchandise <br> Square Feet: 7e+05 <br> Opened: 2014 <br> Address: 2125 W. San Bernardino Ave, Redlands, California,  92374-5005 <br> Distance from the White House: 3611.555 km","Retailer: amazon <br> Type: sort <br> Square Feet: NA <br> Opened: 2013 <br> Address: 2020 E. Central Ave., San Bernardino, California,  92408-2606 <br> Distance from the White House: 3612.016 km","Retailer: amazon <br> Type: food <br> Square Feet: 514600 <br> Opened: 2013 <br> Address: 2020 E. Central Ave.. Building 4. San Bernardino, California,  92408-2606 <br> Distance from the White House: 3612.016 km","Retailer: amazon <br> Type: general merchandise <br> Square Feet: 951700 <br> Opened: 2012 <br> Address: 1910 E. Central Ave., Building 3. San Bernardino. California. USA. 92408-0123 <br> Distance from the White House: 3612.601 km","Retailer: amazon <br> Type: general merchandise <br> Square Feet: 1102600 <br> Opened: 2016 <br> Address: 555 East Orange Road, Gateway South Building 3, San\nBernardino, California,  92408-2453 <br> Distance from the White House: 3614.277 km","Retailer: target <br> Type: food <br> Square Feet: 5e+05 <br> Opened: 2014 <br> Address: 2245 W Renaissance Rd, Rialto, California, 92376 <br> Distance from the White House: 3623.347 km","Retailer: amazon <br> Type: general merchandise <br> Square Feet: 882200 <br> Opened: 2015 <br> Address: 2496 W Walnut, Rialto, California, USA. 92376-3009 <br> Distance from the White House: 3626.325 km","Retailer: target <br> Type: general merchandise <br> Square Feet: 1850000 <br> Opened: 2006 <br> Address: 3105 N Mango Ave, Rialto, California, 92377 <br> Distance from the White House: 3626.153 km","Retailer: target <br> Type: inbound <br> Square Feet: 1530000 <br> Opened: 2006 <br> Address: 3110 Alder Ave , Rialto, California, 92336 <br> Distance from the White House: 3625.703 km","Retailer: walmart <br> Type: general merchandise <br> Square Feet: 1340000 <br> Opened: 2004 <br> Address: 21101 Johnson Road, Apple Valley, CA, 92307 <br> Distance from the White House: 3589.103 km","Retailer: walmart <br> Type: returns <br> Square Feet: 106700 <br> Opened: 1996 <br> Address: 1900 Aerojet Way, North Las Vegas NV, 89030 <br> Distance from the White House: 3353.226 km","Retailer: amazon <br> Type: general merchandise <br> Square Feet: 813100 <br> Opened: 2017 <br> Address: North Lamb Boulevard and Tropical Parkway, North Las Vegas, Nevada,  89081 <br> Distance from the White House: 3348.589 km","Retailer: amazon <br> Type: general merchandise <br> Square Feet: 283900 <br> Opened: 2008 <br> Address: 3837 Bay Lake Trail, North Las Vegas. Nevada.  89030 <br> Distance from the White House: 3352.073 km","Retailer: amazon <br> Type: prime now <br> Square Feet: NA <br> Opened: 2015 <br> Address: 3650 East Post Road, Suite E, Las Vegas, Nevada,  89120- 6297 <br> Distance from the White House: 3356.11 km","Retailer: sam's club <br> Type: general merchandise <br> Square Feet: 252000 <br> Opened: 2000 <br> Address: 23701 West Southern Avenue, Buckeye, AZ, 85326-4928 <br> Distance from the White House: 3233.796 km","Retailer: walmart <br> Type: general merchandise <br> Square Feet: 1550000 <br> Opened: 1993 <br> Address: 23701 West Southern Avenue, Buckeye, AZ, 85326-4928 <br> Distance from the White House: 3233.796 km","Retailer: amazon <br> Type: general merchandise <br> Square Feet: 820400 <br> Opened: 2008 <br> Address: 16920 W. Commerce Dr. , Goodyear, Arizona,  85338- 3620 <br> Distance from the White House: 3221.024 km","Retailer: walmart <br> Type: food <br> Square Feet: 875100 <br> Opened: 2003 <br> Address: 868 W Peters Rd, Casa Grande, AZ, 85122 <br> Distance from the White House: 3186.864 km","Retailer: target <br> Type: e-commerce <br> Square Feet: 975000 <br> Opened: 2008 <br> Address: 8940 E. Rita Park Drive, Tucson, Arizona, 85747-9108 <br> Distance from the White House: 3135.867 km","Retailer: amazon <br> Type: delivery sort <br> Square Feet: 62900 <br> Opened: TBD <br> Address: 500 S. 48th Street. Phoenix, Arizona. USA. 85034 <br> Distance from the White House: 3181.396 km","Retailer: amazon <br> Type: prime now <br> Square Feet: NA <br> Opened: 2015 <br> Address: Phoenix, Arizona. USA. 85001 <br> Distance from the White House: 3189.161 km","Retailer: amazon <br> Type: general merchandise <br> Square Feet: 1207000 <br> Opened: 2010 <br> Address: 4750 & 5050 West Mohave Street, Phoenix, Arizona,  85043-4428 <br> Distance from the White House: 3200.497 km","Retailer: amazon <br> Type: general merchandise <br> Square Feet: 1009400 <br> Opened: 2007 <br> Address: 6835 West Buckeye Road, Phoenix, Arizona,  85043 <br> Distance from the White House: 3201.51 km","Retailer: target <br> Type: closed <br> Square Feet: 138000 <br> Opened: 2005 <br> Address: 455 S. 75th Avenue, Phoenix, Arizona, 85043 <br> Distance from the White House: 3202.225 km","Retailer: target <br> Type: general merchandise <br> Square Feet: 1530700 <br> Opened: 2002 <br> Address: 25 N 75th Ave, Phoenix, Arizona, 85043 <br> Distance from the White House: 3202.16 km","Retailer: amazon <br> Type: sort <br> Square Feet: NA <br> Opened: 2010 <br> Address: 800 N. 75th Ave. Phoenix,\nArizona, USA. 85043-3101 <br> Distance from the White House: 3202.187 km","Retailer: amazon <br> Type: general merchandise <br> Square Feet: 1260000 <br> Opened: 2011 <br> Address: 800 N. 75th Ave, Phoenix,\nArizona,  85043-3101 <br> Distance from the White House: 3202.187 km","Retailer: walmart <br> Type: fashion <br> Square Feet: 1170000 <br> Opened: 1993 <br> Address: 152 North Highway 91, Hurricane, UT, 84737 <br> Distance from the White House: 3179.08 km","Retailer: walmart <br> Type: general merchandise <br> Square Feet: 1250000 <br> Opened: 2005 <br> Address: 929 North State Rd. 138, Grantsville, UT, 84029 <br> Distance from the White House: 3004.246 km","Retailer: walmart <br> Type: food <br> Square Feet: 875000 <br> Opened: 2000 <br> Address: 5400 W. Highway 83, Corinne, UT, 84307 <br> Distance from the White House: 2981.909 km","Retailer: walmart <br> Type: food <br> Square Feet: 890000 <br> Opened: 2007 <br> Address: 426 Logistics Dr, Cheyenne, WY, 82009 <br> Distance from the White House: 2381.588 km","Retailer: sam's club <br> Type: general merchandise <br> Square Feet: 42600 <br> Opened: 1990 <br> Address: 7500 East Crossroads Blvd, Loveland, CO, 80538 <br> Distance from the White House: 2392.922 km","Retailer: walmart <br> Type: general merchandise <br> Square Feet: 1078500 <br> Opened: 1990 <br> Address: 7500 East Crossroads Blvd, Loveland, CO, 80538 <br> Distance from the White House: 2392.922 km","Retailer: walmart <br> Type: e-commerce <br> Square Feet: NA <br> Opened: 2018 <br> Address: East 56th Avenue and Jackson Gap Road , Aurora, CO, 80019 <br> Distance from the White House: 2461.439 km","Retailer: target <br> Type: general merchandise <br> Square Feet: 1500000 <br> Opened: 1986 <br> Address: 34800 United Avenue, Pueblo, Colorado, 81001 <br> Distance from the White House: 2381.889 km","Retailer: walmart <br> Type: food <br> Square Feet: 750000 <br> Opened: 1999 <br> Address: 670 Los Morros Rd NW, Los Lunas, NM, 87031 <br> Distance from the White House: 2677.399 km","Retailer: walmart <br> Type: general merchandise <br> Square Feet: 1200000 <br> Opened: 1986 <br> Address: 3100 North-I 27, Plainview, TX, 79072 <br> Distance from the White House: 2268.014 km","Retailer: walmart <br> Type: export <br> Square Feet: 191700 <br> Opened: 1992 <br> Address: 40781 Black Diamond, Laredo, TX, 78045 <br> Distance from the White House: 2438.961 km","Retailer: amazon <br> Type: sort <br> Square Feet: 193900 <br> Opened: 2015 <br> Address: 1410 S. Callaghan Road, Bexar, San Antonio, Texas,  78227 2204 <br> Distance from the White House: 2244.039 km","Retailer: amazon <br> Type: prime now <br> Square Feet: NA <br> Opened: 2015 <br> Address: San Antonio, Texas, USA <br> Distance from the White House: 2232.352 km","Retailer: amazon <br> Type: general merchandise <br> Square Feet: 1260000 <br> Opened: 2013 <br> Address: 6000 Enterprise Avenue,\nSchertz. Texas, USA. 78154- 1461 <br> Distance from the White House: 2205.496 km","Retailer: sam's club <br> Type: general merchandise <br> Square Feet: 60000 <br> Opened: 1998 <br> Address: 3900 North Ih 35, New Braunfels, TX, 78130 <br> Distance from the White House: 2178.553 km","Retailer: walmart <br> Type: general merchandise <br> Square Feet: 1204000 <br> Opened: 1988 <br> Address: 3900 North Ih 35, New Braunfels, TX, 78130 <br> Distance from the White House: 2178.553 km","Retailer: amazon <br> Type: general merchandise <br> Square Feet: 855000 <br> Opened: 2016 <br> Address: 1401 East McCarty Lane, San Marcos, Texas,  78666- 8969 <br> Distance from the White House: 2164.52 km","Retailer: amazon <br> Type: prime now <br> Square Feet: NA <br> Opened: 2015 <br> Address: Austin, Texas,  73301 <br> Distance from the White House: 2123.799 km","Retailer: walmart <br> Type: food <br> Square Feet: 850000 <br> Opened: 1993 <br> Address: 9605 MW HK Dodgen Loop, Temple, TX, 76504 <br> Distance from the White House: 2038.765 km","Retailer: walmart <br> Type: returns <br> Square Feet: 220000 <br> Opened: 2004 <br> Address: 2301 Corporation Parkway, Woodway (Waco), TX, 76712-6952 <br> Distance from the White House: 2003.181 km","Retailer: walmart <br> Type: general merchandise <br> Square Feet: 1200000 <br> Opened: 2005 <br> Address: 3162 Brast Rd., Sealy, TX, 77474 <br> Distance from the White House: 2028.661 km","Retailer: amazon <br> Type: prime now <br> Square Feet: NA <br> Opened: 2015 <br> Address: Houston, Texas,  77001 <br> Distance from the White House: 1962.039 km","Retailer: walmart <br> Type: inbound-foreign <br> Square Feet: 4200000 <br> Opened: 2005 <br> Address: 4554 Oscar Nelson Jr Dr, Baytown, TX, 77520 <br> Distance from the White House: 1929.736 km","Retailer: amazon <br> Type: sort <br> Square Feet: 240000 <br> Opened: 2014 <br> Address: 8120 Humble Westfield Rd, Humble, Texas,  77338- 4142 <br> Distance from the White House: 1941.676 km","Retailer: walmart <br> Type: food <br> Square Feet: 901000 <br> Opened: 2003 <br> Address: 20131 Gene Campbell Rd, New Caney, TX, 77357 <br> Distance from the White House: 1930.858 km","Retailer: walmart <br> Type: fashion <br> Square Feet: 893700 <br> Opened: 1981 <br> Address: 201 Old Elkhart Road, Palestine, TX, 75801 <br> Distance from the White House: 1862.185 km","Retailer: walmart <br> Type: general merchandise <br> Square Feet: 1200000 <br> Opened: 1996 <br> Address: 14863 FM 645 (or 8660 South US Hwy 79), Palestine, TX, 75803 <br> Distance from the White House: 1858.012 km","Retailer: target <br> Type: general merchandise <br> Square Feet: 1752500 <br> Opened: 1997 <br> Address: 13786 Harvey Road, Tyler, Texas, 75706 <br> Distance from the White House: 1806.317 km","Retailer: walmart <br> Type: food <br> Square Feet: 420000 <br> Opened: 2000 <br> Address: 591 Apache Trail, Terrell, TX, 75160 <br> Distance from the White House: 1868.81 km","Retailer: walmart <br> Type: domestic-inbound <br> Square Feet: 77000 <br> Opened: 2010 <br> Address: 5210 Catron Dr, Dallas, TX, 75227 <br> Distance from the White House: 1894.371 km","Retailer: amazon <br> Type: prime now <br> Square Feet: NA <br> Opened: 2015 <br> Address: Dallas, Texas. USA <br> Distance from the White House: 1905.043 km","Retailer: amazon <br> Type: general merchandise <br> Square Feet: 5e+05 <br> Opened: 2015 <br> Address: 33333 Lyndon B Johnson Freeway, Dallas. Texas. USA. 75241-7203 <br> Distance from the White House: 1907.27 km","Retailer: walmart <br> Type: tire <br> Square Feet: 420000 <br> Opened: 2002 <br> Address: 4130 Port Blvd, Dallas, TX, 75241 <br> Distance from the White House: 1908.212 km","Retailer: amazon <br> Type: food <br> Square Feet: NA <br> Opened: 2016 <br> Address: 2101 Danieldale Road , Lancaster, Texas,  75134- 1551 <br> Distance from the White House: 1912.539 km","Retailer: sam's club <br> Type: general merchandise <br> Square Feet: 92800 <br> Opened: 1993 <br> Address: 830 East Centre Park Blvd., Desoto, TX, 75115 <br> Distance from the White House: 1916.286 km","Retailer: walmart <br> Type: optical <br> Square Feet: 38918 <br> Opened: 2003 <br> Address: 9029 Directors Row, Dallas, TX, 75247 <br> Distance from the White House: 1911.128 km","Retailer: amazon <br> Type: delivery sort <br> Square Feet: 183000 <br> Opened: 2015 <br> Address: 12401 North Stemmons Fwy, Farmers Branch , Texas,  75234 <br> Distance from the White House: 1907.157 km","Retailer: amazon <br> Type: general merchandise <br> Square Feet: 1e+06 <br> Opened: 2013 <br> Address: 940 W. Bethel Road . Coppell, Texas,  75019-4424 <br> Distance from the White House: 1914.877 km","Retailer: amazon <br> Type: general merchandise <br> Square Feet: 1e+06 <br> Opened: 2016 <br> Address: 2701 W. Bethel Road, Coppell (Tarrant), Texas,  75261- 4015 <br> Distance from the White House: 1915.313 km","Retailer: amazon <br> Type: sort <br> Square Feet: 428500 <br> Opened: 2014 <br> Address: 2700 Regent Blvd, Irving, Texas,  75063 <br> Distance from the White House: 1913.798 km","Retailer: amazon <br> Type: prime now <br> Square Feet: NA <br> Opened: 2015 <br> Address: Irving, Texas,  75014 <br> Distance from the White House: 1916.565 km","Retailer: amazon <br> Type: general merchandise <br> Square Feet: 495000 <br> Opened: 2014 <br> Address: 14900 Frye Road. Fort Worth, Texas,  76155 <br> Distance from the White House: 1923.86 km","Retailer: target <br> Type: general merchandise <br> Square Feet: 1350000 <br> Opened: 2004 <br> Address: 4333 Power Way, Midlothian, Texas, 76065 <br> Distance from the White House: 1944.08 km","Retailer: walmart <br> Type: food <br> Square Feet: 888000 <br> Opened: 2002 <br> Address: 3470 Windmill Rd., Cleburne, TX, 76033 <br> Distance from the White House: 1976.457 km","Retailer: target <br> Type: closed <br> Square Feet: 769800 <br> Opened: 2008 <br> Address: 5500 South Freeway, Fort Worth, Texas, 76115 <br> Distance from the White House: 1954.883 km","Retailer: amazon <br> Type: food <br> Square Feet: 318500 <br> Opened: 2016 <br> Address: 4601 Gold Spike Drive, Fort Worth, Texas,  76106 <br> Distance from the White House: 1949.568 km","Retailer: amazon <br> Type: general merchandise <br> Square Feet: 1100000 <br> Opened: 2013 <br> Address: 700 Westport Parkway, (Haslet) Fort Worth. Texas.  76177- 4513 <br> Distance from the White House: 1941.089 km","Retailer: amazon <br> Type: general merchandise <br> Square Feet: 1e+06 <br> Opened: 2016 <br> Address: 15201 Heritage Parkway, Fort Worth, Texas,  76177-2517 <br> Distance from the White House: 1937.233 km","Retailer: walmart <br> Type: e-commerce <br> Square Feet: 1002620 <br> Opened: 2016 <br> Address: 15101 N. Beach St., Fort Worth, TX, 76177 <br> Distance from the White House: 1937.243 km","Retailer: walmart <br> Type: e-commerce <br> Square Feet: 788160 <br> Opened: 2013 <br> Address: 5300 Westport Parkway , Fort Worth, TX, 76177 <br> Distance from the White House: 1933.932 km","Retailer: target <br> Type: food <br> Square Feet: 360000 <br> Opened: 2013 <br> Address: 3952 Corbin Road, Denton, Texas, 76207 <br> Distance from the White House: 1917.177 km","Retailer: walmart <br> Type: general merchandise <br> Square Feet: 1200000 <br> Opened: 2001 <br> Address: 2120 N Stemmons St., Sanger, TX, 76266 <br> Distance from the White House: 1907.694 km","Retailer: walmart <br> Type: food <br> Square Feet: 860000 <br> Opened: 2000 <br> Address: 2601 South Indian Meridian Rd, Pauls Valley, OK, 73075 <br> Distance from the White House: 1858.612 km","Retailer: walmart <br> Type: food <br> Square Feet: 893900 <br> Opened: 2005 <br> Address: 397319 West 3000 Rd., Ochelata (Bartlesville/Ramona), OK, 74051 <br> Distance from the White House: 1849.212 km","Retailer: amazon <br> Type: sort <br> Square Feet: 267000 <br> Opened: 2014 <br> Address: 16851 W 113th St, Lenexa Logistics Center, Lenexa, Kansas,  66219 <br> Distance from the White House: 1853.259 km","Retailer: amazon <br> Type: general merchandise <br> Square Feet: 446500 <br> Opened: 2016 <br> Address: 27200 West 157th Street Johnson (New Century), Kansas. USA. 66031 <br> Distance from the White House: 1853.259 km","Retailer: amazon <br> Type: delivery sort <br> Square Feet: NA <br> Opened: 2013 <br> Address: San Francisco Bay Area. California, USA <br> Distance from the White House: 1890.657 km","Retailer: walmart <br> Type: food <br> Square Feet: 880000 <br> Opened: 2003 <br> Address: 3001 E. State Farm Rd., North Platte, NE, 69101 <br> Distance from the White House: 2031.458 km","Retailer: target <br> Type: general merchandise <br> Square Feet: 1350000 <br> Opened: 2004 <br> Address: 1100 SW 57th St, Topeka, Kansas, 66609 <br> Distance from the White House: 1615.105 km","Retailer: walmart <br> Type: general merchandise <br> Square Feet: 1200000 <br> Opened: 1995 <br> Address: 3300 Highway K 68 (or 3270 Nevada Terrace), Ottawa, KS, 66067 <br> Distance from the White House: 1583.282 km","Retailer: amazon <br> Type: general merchandise <br> Square Feet: 822100 <br> Opened: 2016 <br> Address: 19645 Waverly Rd, Gardner. Kansas.  66030 <br> Distance from the White House: 1552.545 km","Retailer: amazon <br> Type: general merchandise <br> Square Feet: 855000 <br> Opened: 2017 <br> Address: Turner Commerce Center, 6925 Riverview Ave. Kansas City, Kansas,  66102 <br> Distance from the White House: 1526.633 km","Retailer: sam's club <br> Type: general merchandise <br> Square Feet: 81080 <br> Opened: 1988 <br> Address: 233 S 42nd Street, Kansas City, KS, 66106 <br> Distance from the White House: 1525.756 km","Retailer: walmart <br> Type: food <br> Square Feet: 850000 <br> Opened: 2001 <br> Address: 5100 Brookhart Dr., Suite 100, Harrisonville, MO, 64701 <br> Distance from the White House: 1503.548 km","Retailer: walmart <br> Type: pharmacy <br> Square Feet: 150000 <br> Opened: 1976 <br> Address: 2252 North 8th Street, Rogers, AR, 72756 <br> Distance from the White House: 1532.662 km","Retailer: walmart <br> Type: returns <br> Square Feet: NA <br> Opened: 2013 <br> Address: Rogers, AR <br> Distance from the White House: 1532.903 km","Retailer: walmart <br> Type: pharmacy <br> Square Feet: 40000 <br> Opened: 2001 <br> Address: 1201 Moberly Lane, Bentonville, AR, 72716 <br> Distance from the White House: 1537.087 km","Retailer: walmart <br> Type: domestic-inbound <br> Square Feet: 18700 <br> Opened: 1994 <br> Address: 509 SE Martin Luther King Jr Pkwy, Bentonville, AR, 72712 <br> Distance from the White House: 1537.094 km","Retailer: walmart <br> Type: fashion <br> Square Feet: 705600 <br> Opened: 1980 <br> Address: 2100 Southeast 5th Street, Bentonville, AR, 72712-6128 <br> Distance from the White House: 1537.477 km","Retailer: walmart <br> Type: returns <br> Square Feet: 225000 <br> Opened: 2008 <br> Address: 1901 SE 10th St, Bentonville, AR, 72712 <br> Distance from the White House: 1537.977 km","Retailer: walmart <br> Type: fashion <br> Square Feet: 640000 <br> Opened: 1986 <br> Address: 1110 S.E. 10th, Bentonville, AR, 72716 <br> Distance from the White House: 1538.188 km","Retailer: walmart <br> Type: print/photo <br> Square Feet: 390000 <br> Opened: 1997 <br> Address: 1108 S.E. 10TH Street, Bentonville, AR, 72712 <br> Distance from the White House: 1538.311 km","Retailer: walmart <br> Type: returns <br> Square Feet: 225000 <br> Opened: 1975 <br> Address: 1102 SE 5th St, Bentonville, AR, 72712 <br> Distance from the White House: 1538.073 km","Retailer: walmart <br> Type: returns <br> Square Feet: 72000 <br> Opened: 2005 <br> Address: 601 N Walton Blvd, Bentonville, AR, 72712 <br> Distance from the White House: 1540.009 km","Retailer: walmart <br> Type: closed <br> Square Feet: 236800 <br> Opened: 1970 <br> Address: 702 Southwest 8th Street, Bentonville, AR, 72712 <br> Distance from the White House: 1540.069 km","Retailer: walmart <br> Type: general merchandise <br> Square Feet: 1200000 <br> Opened: 1998 <br> Address: 5801 Southwest Regional Airport Boulevard, Bentonville, AR, 72712-9431 <br> Distance from the White House: 1544.619 km","Retailer: walmart <br> Type: optical <br> Square Feet: 64500 <br> Opened: 1987 <br> Address: 2314 W 6th St, Fayetteville, AR, 72701-6219 <br> Distance from the White House: 1547.399 km","Retailer: walmart <br> Type: returns <br> Square Feet: NA <br> Opened: 2013 <br> Address: Tahlequah, Oklahoma <br> Distance from the White House: 1619.405 km","Retailer: walmart <br> Type: footwear <br> Square Feet: 236100 <br> Opened: 1990 <br> Address: 8100 S Zero Street, Fort Smith, AR, 72903-6600 <br> Distance from the White House: 1586.072 km","Retailer: walmart <br> Type: food <br> Square Feet: 850000 <br> Opened: 1993 <br> Address: 3300 Sterling Hurley Ind Highway, Clarksville, AR, 72830-1200 <br> Distance from the White House: 1512.144 km","Retailer: target <br> Type: closed <br> Square Feet: 852000 <br> Opened: 1982 <br> Address: 600 Carnahan Drive, Maumelle, Little Rock, Arkansas, 72113 <br> Distance from the White House: 1438.766 km","Retailer: walmart <br> Type: general merchandise <br> Square Feet: 1100000 <br> Opened: 1990 <br> Address: 405 E Booth Rd, Searcy, AR, 72143-8854 <br> Distance from the White House: 1367.084 km","Retailer: sam's club <br> Type: general merchandise <br> Square Feet: 682700 <br> Opened: 1978 <br> Address: 3301 East Park Avenue, Searcy, AR, 72143-9027 <br> Distance from the White House: 1364.031 km","Retailer: walmart <br> Type: general merchandise <br> Square Feet: 1200000 <br> Opened: 1999 <br> Address: 3160 Highway 743, Opelousas, LA, 70570 <br> Distance from the White House: 1650.91 km","Retailer: walmart <br> Type: food <br> Square Feet: 850000 <br> Opened: 2001 <br> Address: 45346 Parkway Blvd, Robert, LA, 70455 <br> Distance from the White House: 1528.824 km","Retailer: walmart <br> Type: general merchandise <br> Square Feet: 1e+06 <br> Opened: 1986 <br> Address: 2200 & 2210 Manufacturers Blvd., Brookhaven, MS, 39601 <br> Distance from the White House: 1459.181 km","Retailer: sam's club <br> Type: general merchandise <br> Square Feet: 60000 <br> Opened: 2008 <br> Address: 185 J M Tatum Industrial Dr , Hattiesburg, MS, 39401 <br> Distance from the White House: 1398.347 km","Retailer: walmart <br> Type: inbound-foreign <br> Square Feet: 2900000 <br> Opened: TBD <br> Address: McDonald Road, Irvington, AL <br> Distance from the White House: 1382.89 km","Retailer: walmart <br> Type: food <br> Square Feet: 880000 <br> Opened: 2000 <br> Address: 2701 Andrews Road, Opelika (Lee County), AL, 36801-9543 <br> Distance from the White House: 1115.74 km","Retailer: walmart <br> Type: food <br> Square Feet: 890000 <br> Opened: 2003 <br> Address: 1005 Sara G Lott Blvd, Brundidge, AL, 36010 <br> Distance from the White House: 1127.91 km","Retailer: walmart <br> Type: general merchandise <br> Square Feet: 1130000 <br> Opened: 2000 <br> Address: 385 Callaway Church Rd, LaGrange, GA, 30241 <br> Distance from the White House: 965.701 km","Retailer: walmart <br> Type: e-commerce <br> Square Feet: 1e+06 <br> Opened: 2002 <br> Address: 3101 N. Highway 27, Carrollton, GA, 30117 <br> Distance from the White House: 931.087 km","Retailer: walmart <br> Type: e-commerce <br> Square Feet: 1e+06 <br> Opened: 2002 <br> Address: 3101 N. Highway 27, Carrollton, GA, 30117 <br> Distance from the White House: 931.087 km","Retailer: sam's club <br> Type: general merchandise <br> Square Feet: 60000 <br> Opened: 1995 <br> Address: 140 Fleet Drive, Villa Rica, GA, 30180-1090 <br> Distance from the White House: 911.121 km","Retailer: walmart <br> Type: e-commerce <br> Square Feet: 1200000 <br> Opened: 2015 <br> Address: 6055 S Fulton Pkwy, Union City, GA, 30349 <br> Distance from the White House: 896.833 km","Retailer: amazon <br> Type: general merchandise <br> Square Feet: 517100 <br> Opened: 2015 <br> Address: 6855 Shannon Parkway, Union City. Georgia. USA. 30291 <br> Distance from the White House: 895.806 km","Retailer: amazon <br> Type: sort <br> Square Feet: 301200 <br> Opened: 2014 <br> Address: 4200 North Commerce, East Point, Atlanta, Georgia,  30344-5707 <br> Distance from the White House: 888.043 km","Retailer: amazon <br> Type: general merchandise <br> Square Feet: 733200 <br> Opened: 2015 <br> Address: 2201 Thornton Road, Lithia Springs, Georgia,  30122- 3895 <br> Distance from the White House: 886.247 km","Retailer: amazon <br> Type: prime now <br> Square Feet: NA <br> Opened: 2016 <br> Address: Atlanta, Georgia,  30318 <br> Distance from the White House: 873.287 km","Retailer: amazon <br> Type: prime now <br> Square Feet: NA <br> Opened: 2016 <br> Address: Atlanta, Georgia, USA <br> Distance from the White House: 872.725 km","Retailer: walmart <br> Type: domestic-inbound <br> Square Feet: 53360 <br> Opened: 2011 <br> Address: 1200 Mason Dixon Line, Conley, GA, 30288 <br> Distance from the White House: 875.905 km","Retailer: walmart <br> Type: tire <br> Square Feet: 357120 <br> Opened: 2001 <br> Address: 200 Interstate South Dr & 210 Interstate South Dr, McDonough, GA, 30253 <br> Distance from the White House: 882.169 km","Retailer: amazon <br> Type: food <br> Square Feet: 88800 <br> Opened: 2017 <br> Address: 2232 Northmont Parkway, Duluth, Georgia,  30096 <br> Distance from the White House: 836.78 km","Retailer: walmart <br> Type: food <br> Square Feet: 880000 <br> Opened: 2000 <br> Address: 655 Unisia Dr., Monroe, GA, 30656 <br> Distance from the White House: 820.612 km","Retailer: amazon <br> Type: general merchandise <br> Square Feet: 6e+05 <br> Opened: 2016 <br> Address: 650 Broadway Ave., Jackson. Braselton, Georgia,  30517- 3002 <br> Distance from the White House: 802.953 km","Retailer: amazon <br> Type: general merchandise <br> Square Feet: 1020000 <br> Opened: 2011 <br> Address: 7200 Discovery Drive, Chattanooga, Tennessee,  37416-1749 <br> Distance from the White House: 837.241 km","Retailer: amazon <br> Type: general merchandise <br> Square Feet: 1200000 <br> Opened: 2011 <br> Address: 225 Infinity Dr NW, Charleston, Tennessee,  37310-1400 <br> Distance from the White House: 798.911 km","Retailer: walmart <br> Type: general merchandise <br> Square Feet: 1200000 <br> Opened: 1997 <br> Address: 1655 Pottertown Rd (1655 Bobwhite Trl), Midway (Bulls Gap), TN, 37809 <br> Distance from the White House: 611.277 km","Retailer: walmart <br> Type: food <br> Square Feet: 867000 <br> Opened: 1995 <br> Address: 3701 Russell Dyche Memorial Hwy, London, KY, 40741 <br> Distance from the White House: 656.127 km","Retailer: amazon <br> Type: general merchandise <br> Square Feet: 650000 <br> Opened: 2000 <br> Address: 1850 Mercer Drive, Lexington, Kentucky,  40511 <br> Distance from the White House: 660.038 km","Retailer: amazon <br> Type: general merchandise <br> Square Feet: 380000 <br> Opened: 2006 <br> Address: 172 Trade St., Lexington. Kentucky.  40511 <br> Distance from the White House: 661.621 km","Retailer: amazon <br> Type: general merchandise <br> Square Feet: 281000 <br> Opened: 2012 <br> Address: 300 Omicron Court, Cedar Grove Business Park, Shepherdsville. Kentucky,  40165 <br> Distance from the White House: 738.173 km","Retailer: amazon <br> Type: general merchandise <br> Square Feet: 727000 <br> Opened: 1999 <br> Address: 1188 South Columbia Avenue , Campbellsville, Kentucky,  42718-1337 <br> Distance from the White House: 749.599 km","Retailer: amazon <br> Type: general merchandise <br> Square Feet: 118000 <br> Opened: 2012 <br> Address: 271 Omega Pkwy, Shepherdsville, Kentucky,  40165 <br> Distance from the White House: 761.577 km","Retailer: amazon <br> Type: general merchandise <br> Square Feet: 823000 <br> Opened: 2005 <br> Address: 376 Zappos.com Blvd. Shepherdsville, Kentucky,  40165 <br> Distance from the White House: 761.632 km","Retailer: amazon <br> Type: general merchandise <br> Square Feet: 6e+05 <br> Opened: 2013 <br> Address: 100 W. Thomas P. Echols Lane. St. 3, Shepherdsville, Kentucky, USA. 40165-7594 <br> Distance from the White House: 761.721 km","Retailer: amazon <br> Type: general merchandise <br> Square Feet: 110000 <br> Opened: 2005 <br> Address: 4360 Robards Ln, Louisville, Kentucky, USA. 40218 <br> Distance from the White House: 758.211 km","Retailer: amazon <br> Type: general merchandise <br> Square Feet: 1200000 <br> Opened: 2012 <br> Address: 900 Patrol Road, Jeffersonville. Indiana. USA. 47130-7761 <br> Distance from the White House: 755.41 km","Retailer: walmart <br> Type: general merchandise <br> Square Feet: 1100000 <br> Opened: 1990 <br> Address: 2100 East Tipton Street, Seymour, IN, 47274 <br> Distance from the White House: 763.93 km","Retailer: sam's club <br> Type: general merchandise <br> Square Feet: 85200 <br> Opened: 1993 <br> Address: 488 West Muskegon Drive, Greenfield, IN, 46140-3057 <br> Distance from the White House: 759.803 km","Retailer: walmart <br> Type: food <br> Square Feet: 990000 <br> Opened: 2007 <br> Address: 100 Fischer Pkwy., Gas City, IN, 46933 <br> Distance from the White House: 753.394 km","Retailer: walmart <br> Type: returns <br> Square Feet: 456000 <br> Opened: 2016 <br> Address: 6719 W. 350 North, Greenfield, IN, 46140 <br> Distance from the White House: 773.013 km","Retailer: walmart <br> Type: closed <br> Square Feet: 266400 <br> Opened: 1996 <br> Address: 3333 N Franklin Rd, Indianapolis, IN, 46226-6314 <br> Distance from the White House: 781.068 km","Retailer: amazon <br> Type: prime now <br> Square Feet: NA <br> Opened: 2015 <br> Address: Indianapolis, Indiana. USA <br> Distance from the White House: 791.308 km","Retailer: target <br> Type: returns <br> Square Feet: 190000 <br> Opened: 1992 <br> Address: 225 Transfer Drive, Indianapolis, Indiana, 46214 <br> Distance from the White House: 803.75 km","Retailer: target <br> Type: general merchandise <br> Square Feet: 1470000 <br> Opened: 1998 <br> Address: 7551 W Morris, Indianapolis, Indiana, 46231 <br> Distance from the White House: 803.618 km","Retailer: amazon <br> Type: general merchandise <br> Square Feet: 902900 <br> Opened: 2011 <br> Address: 710 Soth Girls School Road, Indianapolis, Indiana,  46231-1132 <br> Distance from the White House: 806.09 km","Retailer: amazon <br> Type: general merchandise <br> Square Feet: NA <br> Opened: 2016 <br> Address: 9101 Orly Drive, Indianapolis, Indiana,  46241 <br> Distance from the White House: 805.567 km","Retailer: amazon <br> Type: general merchandise <br> Square Feet: 947300 <br> Opened: 2008 <br> Address: 715 & 717 Airtech Parkway. Plainfield. Indiana.  46168 <br> Distance from the White House: 807.328 km","Retailer: amazon <br> Type: general merchandise <br> Square Feet: 925800 <br> Opened: 2011 <br> Address: 800 South Perry Road. Plainfield. Indiana. USA. 46168-7937 <br> Distance from the White House: 808.628 km","Retailer: walmart <br> Type: e-commerce <br> Square Feet: 1200000 <br> Opened: 2015 <br> Address: 9590 AllPoints Parkway, Plainfield, IN, 46123 <br> Distance from the White House: 808.088 km","Retailer: amazon <br> Type: general merchandise <br> Square Feet: 624000 <br> Opened: 2013 <br> Address: 5100 S. Indianapolis Road, Whitestown, Indiana,  46075 <br> Distance from the White House: 812.881 km","Retailer: amazon <br> Type: general merchandise <br> Square Feet: 1e+06 <br> Opened: 2008 <br> Address: 4255 Anson Blvd , Whitestown, Indiana,  46075-4412 <br> Distance from the White House: 813.246 km","Retailer: walmart <br> Type: optical <br> Square Feet: 31400 <br> Opened: 1993 <br> Address: 801 Corda Blvd., Crawfordsville, IN, 47933 <br> Distance from the White House: 855.376 km","Retailer: walmart <br> Type: fashion <br> Square Feet: 1515000 <br> Opened: 1991 <br> Address: 333 S. 10th St., Greencastle, IN, 46135 <br> Distance from the White House: 848.889 km","Retailer: walmart <br> Type: food <br> Square Feet: 933100 <br> Opened: 1997 <br> Address: 3801 US Highway 50 E, Olney, IL, 62450 <br> Distance from the White House: 962.567 km","Retailer: walmart <br> Type: general merchandise <br> Square Feet: 1200000 <br> Opened: 2003 <br> Address: 690 Crenshaw Blvd, Hopkinsville, KY, 42240 <br> Distance from the White House: 949.546 km","Retailer: amazon <br> Type: prime now <br> Square Feet: NA <br> Opened: 2015 <br> Address: Nashville, Tennessee, USA <br> Distance from the White House: 912.205 km","Retailer: amazon <br> Type: sort <br> Square Feet: 214000 <br> Opened: 2014 <br> Address: 50 Airways Blvd. , Nashville, Tennessee,  37217-2516 <br> Distance from the White House: 906.671 km","Retailer: amazon <br> Type: general merchandise <br> Square Feet: 449000 <br> Opened: 2011 <br> Address: 14840 Central Pike. Lebanon.\nTennessee,  37090-8119 <br> Distance from the White House: 882.903 km","Retailer: amazon <br> Type: general merchandise <br> Square Feet: 1200000 <br> Opened: 2013 <br> Address: 500 Duke Dr, Lebanon, Tennessee,  37087-8123 <br> Distance from the White House: 882.784 km","Retailer: amazon <br> Type: general merchandise <br> Square Feet: 1e+06 <br> Opened: 2012 <br> Address: 2020 Joe B Jackson Pkwy. Murfreesboro, Tennessee. USA. 37127-7792 <br> Distance from the White House: 895.58 km","Retailer: walmart <br> Type: food <br> Square Feet: 850000 <br> Opened: 2001 <br> Address: 285 Frank Martin Rd, Shelbyville, TN, 37160 <br> Distance from the White House: 913.851 km","Retailer: target <br> Type: general merchandise <br> Square Feet: 1357500 <br> Opened: 2000 <br> Address: 6175 Greenbrier Rd, Madison, Alabama, 35756 <br> Distance from the White House: 993.854 km","Retailer: walmart <br> Type: general merchandise <br> Square Feet: 1200000 <br> Opened: 1983 <br> Address: 2200 7th Avenue SW, Cullman, AL, 35055 <br> Distance from the White House: 1024 km","Retailer: walmart <br> Type: food <br> Square Feet: 867000 <br> Opened: 1996 <br> Address: 973 State Highway 30 W, New Albany, MS, 38652 <br> Distance from the White House: 1179.529 km","Retailer: walmart <br> Type: domestic-inbound <br> Square Feet: 93100 <br> Opened: 2011 <br> Address: 1980 Getwell Road, Memphis, TN, 38111 <br> Distance from the White House: 1222.061 km","Retailer: amazon <br> Type: general merchandise <br> Square Feet: 769500 <br> Opened: 2016 <br> Address: 3050 Gateway Commerce Center Drive South, Edwardsville,\nIllinois.  62025-2815 <br> Distance from the White House: 1118.346 km","Retailer: amazon <br> Type: general merchandise <br> Square Feet: 720000 <br> Opened: 2016 <br> Address: 3931 Lakeview Corporate Dr, Edwardsville, Illinois,  62025-2801 <br> Distance from the White House: 1131.628 km","Retailer: walmart <br> Type: general merchandise <br> Square Feet: 1200000 <br> Opened: 2001 <br> Address: 1100 Matlock Dr., St. James, MO, 65559 <br> Distance from the White House: 1275.674 km","Retailer: walmart <br> Type: food <br> Square Feet: 450000 <br> Opened: 2002 <br> Address: 1309 Highway 24 East, Moberly, MO, 65270 <br> Distance from the White House: 1328.963 km","Retailer: walmart <br> Type: general merchandise <br> Square Feet: 1244000 <br> Opened: 1985 <br> Address: 1501 E Mapleleaf Dr (or 1100 North Iris Street), Mt Pleasant, IA, 52641 <br> Distance from the White House: 1258.406 km","Retailer: target <br> Type: food <br> Square Feet: 430000 <br> Opened: 2009 <br> Address: 2115 Technology Parkway, Cedar Falls, Iowa, 50613 <br> Distance from the White House: 1361.647 km","Retailer: target <br> Type: general merchandise <br> Square Feet: 1350000 <br> Opened: 2003 <br> Address: 2200 Viking Rd, Cedar Falls, Iowa, 50613 <br> Distance from the White House: 1361.682 km","Retailer: walmart <br> Type: food <br> Square Feet: 450000 <br> Opened: 2015 <br> Address: 101 Sohler Dr, Mankato, MN, 56001 <br> Distance from the White House: 1525.075 km","Retailer: amazon <br> Type: general merchandise <br> Square Feet: 820000 <br> Opened: 2016 <br> Address: 2601 4th Ave E. Shakopee, Minnesota,  55379-1726 <br> Distance from the White House: 1511.523 km","Retailer: amazon <br> Type: sort <br> Square Feet: 162000 <br> Opened: 2015 <br> Address: 5825 11th Ave. East, Shakopee, Minnesota,  55379-3810 <br> Distance from the White House: 1507.845 km","Retailer: sam's club <br> Type: general merchandise <br> Square Feet: 180300 <br> Opened: 1995 <br> Address: 6301 W. Old Shakopee Rd., Bloomington, MN, 55438 <br> Distance from the White House: 1502.682 km","Retailer: target <br> Type: general merchandise <br> Square Feet: 1156000 <br> Opened: 1969 <br> Address: 7120 Highway 65 N. E., Fridley, Minnesota, 55432 <br> Distance from the White House: 1505.553 km","Retailer: amazon <br> Type: prime now <br> Square Feet: 35000 <br> Opened: 2015 <br> Address: 763 Kasota Ave., Minneapolis. Minnesota.  55414 <br> Distance from the White House: 1498.55 km","Retailer: amazon <br> Type: delivery sort <br> Square Feet: 142000 <br> Opened: 2016 <br> Address: 2811 Beverly Drive , Eagen, Minnesota,  55121 <br> Distance from the White House: 1487.605 km","Retailer: target <br> Type: e-commerce <br> Square Feet: 325000 <br> Opened: 1988 <br> Address: 9501 Hudson Rd, Woodbury, Minnesota, 55125 <br> Distance from the White House: 1474.851 km","Retailer: walmart <br> Type: general merchandise <br> Square Feet: 1170000 <br> Opened: 1993 <br> Address: 6100 3M Dr, Menomonie, WI, 54751 <br> Distance from the White House: 1395.983 km","Retailer: walmart <br> Type: food <br> Square Feet: 880000 <br> Opened: 2000 <br> Address: 525 Industrial Dr, Tomah, WI, 54660 <br> Distance from the White House: 1279.634 km","Retailer: walmart <br> Type: general merchandise <br> Square Feet: 1200000 <br> Opened: 2007 <br> Address: 115 Distribution Way, Beaver Dam, WI, 53916 <br> Distance from the White House: 1109.956 km","Retailer: target <br> Type: general merchandise <br> Square Feet: 1500000 <br> Opened: 1994 <br> Address: 1100 Valley Road, Oconomowoc, Wisconsin, 53066 <br> Distance from the White House: 1067.593 km","Retailer: amazon <br> Type: delivery sort <br> Square Feet: 50000 <br> Opened: 2016 <br> Address: 3935 W. Mitchell St., Milwaukee, Wisconsin,  53125 <br> Distance from the White House: 1026.039 km","Retailer: walmart <br> Type: domestic-inbound <br> Square Feet: 177800 <br> Opened: 2011 <br> Address: 6765 Imron Dr, Belvidere, IL, 61008 <br> Distance from the White House: 1068.886 km","Retailer: walmart <br> Type: food <br> Square Feet: 1e+06 <br> Opened: 2006 <br> Address: 23769 Mathew Rd, Sterling, IL, 61081 <br> Distance from the White House: 1128.728 km","Retailer: walmart <br> Type: general merchandise <br> Square Feet: 1200000 <br> Opened: 2001 <br> Address: 3100 Illinois Highway 89, Spring Valley, IL, 61362 <br> Distance from the White House: 1070.312 km","Retailer: target <br> Type: general merchandise <br> Square Feet: 1500000 <br> Opened: 2006 <br> Address: 1115 Macom Dr, DeKalb, Illinois, 60115 <br> Distance from the White House: 1047.384 km","Retailer: amazon <br> Type: general merchandise <br> Square Feet: 750000 <br> Opened: 2016 <br> Address: 1125 Remington Blvd,\nRomeoville. Illinois.  60446- 6529 <br> Distance from the White House: 990.364 km","Retailer: amazon <br> Type: general merchandise <br> Square Feet: 7e+05 <br> Opened: 2016 <br> Address: 201 Emerald Drive, Joliet. Illinois,  60433-3281 <br> Distance from the White House: 982.523 km","Retailer: amazon <br> Type: general merchandise <br> Square Feet: 475100 <br> Opened: 2015 <br> Address: 401 E. Caraway Road. Joliet. Illinois.  60433-9462 <br> Distance from the White House: 981.657 km","Retailer: walmart <br> Type: inbound-foreign <br> Square Feet: 3400000 <br> Opened: 2006 <br> Address: 26453 Center Point Dr, Elwood, IL, 60421 <br> Distance from the White House: 984.663 km","Retailer: amazon <br> Type: general merchandise <br> Square Feet: 856600 <br> Opened: 2017 <br> Address: 6521 W. Monee Manhattan Road, Monee, Illinois,  60449 <br> Distance from the White House: 955.775 km","Retailer: sam's club <br> Type: general merchandise <br> Square Feet: 49200 <br> Opened: 2005 <br> Address: 1325 Central Ave., University Park, IL, 60484 <br> Distance from the White House: 954.018 km","Retailer: walmart <br> Type: domestic-inbound <br> Square Feet: 150720 <br> Opened: 2011 <br> Address: 1340 141st Street, Hammond, IN, 46327 <br> Distance from the White House: 939.622 km","Retailer: amazon <br> Type: delivery sort <br> Square Feet: 150000 <br> Opened: 2015 <br> Address: 2801 S. Western Ave, Chicago, Illinois,  60608 <br> Distance from the White House: 960.636 km","Retailer: amazon <br> Type: prime now <br> Square Feet: NA <br> Opened: 2015 <br> Address: Chicago, Illinois, USA <br> Distance from the White House: 958.014 km","Retailer: amazon <br> Type: sort <br> Square Feet: 52000 <br> Opened: 2015 <br> Address: 1111 N. Cherry Ave., Goose Island, Illinois,  60642 <br> Distance from the White House: 960.253 km","Retailer: amazon <br> Type: delivery sort <br> Square Feet: 39300 <br> Opened: 2015 <br> Address: 8220 Austin Ave, Morton Grove, Illinois,  60053 <br> Distance from the White House: 974.328 km","Retailer: amazon <br> Type: delivery sort <br> Square Feet: 68000 <br> Opened: 2015 <br> Address: 4500 Western Ave, Lisle , Illinois,  60532 <br> Distance from the White House: 992.638 km","Retailer: amazon <br> Type: food <br> Square Feet: 82100 <br> Opened: 2016 <br> Address: 1250 N. Mittel Blvd, Wood Dale, Illinois,  60191 <br> Distance from the White House: 989.512 km","Retailer: amazon <br> Type: general merchandise <br> Square Feet: 1100000 <br> Opened: 2015 <br> Address: 3501 120th Ave, Kenosha, Wisconsin,  53144-7502 <br> Distance from the White House: 1008.591 km","Retailer: amazon <br> Type: sort <br> Square Feet: 60000 <br> Opened: 2014 <br> Address: 11211 Burlington Road, Kenosha, Wisconsin.  53144-7449 <br> Distance from the White House: 1008.235 km","Retailer: target <br> Type: general merchandise <br> Square Feet: 1357400 <br> Opened: 2002 <br> Address: 12735 E L Ave, Galesburg, Michigan, 49053 <br> Distance from the White House: 799.542 km","Retailer: walmart <br> Type: general merchandise <br> Square Feet: 1100000 <br> Opened: 2001 <br> Address: 510 Jonesville Rd, Coldwater, MI, 49036 <br> Distance from the White House: 755.719 km","Retailer: walmart <br> Type: food <br> Square Feet: 4e+05 <br> Opened: 2001 <br> Address: 1729 State Road 8, Auburn (Garrett), IN, 46706 <br> Distance from the White House: 740.358 km","Retailer: sam's club <br> Type: general merchandise <br> Square Feet: 60000 <br> Opened: 1992 <br> Address: 18650 Dix-Toledo Rd., Brownstown Township, MI, 48193 <br> Distance from the White House: 639.32 km","Retailer: target <br> Type: general merchandise <br> Square Feet: 1320000 <br> Opened: 2013 <br> Address: 8450 Boston Church Road, Milton, Ontario, L9T 8E4 <br> Distance from the White House: 567.834 km","Retailer: target <br> Type: closed <br> Square Feet: 1320000 <br> Opened: 2013 <br> Address: 8450 Boston Church Road, Milton, Ontario, L9T 8E4 <br> Distance from the White House: 567.834 km","Retailer: target <br> Type: general merchandise <br> Square Feet: 1350000 <br> Opened: 2013 <br> Address: 1501 Industrial Park Drive, Cornwall, Ontario, K6H 7M4 <br> Distance from the White House: 709.76 km","Retailer: target <br> Type: closed <br> Square Feet: 1350000 <br> Opened: 2013 <br> Address: 1501 Industrial Park Drive, Cornwall, Ontario, K6H 7M4 <br> Distance from the White House: 709.76 km","Retailer: walmart <br> Type: general merchandise <br> Square Feet: 1200000 <br> Opened: 1994 <br> Address: 8827 Old River Rd, Marcy, NY, 13403 <br> Distance from the White House: 496.404 km","Retailer: walmart <br> Type: fashion <br> Square Feet: 8e+05 <br> Opened: 1995 <br> Address: 100 High St (721 Hwy Rte 20), Sharon Springs, NY,  13459-9510 <br> Distance from the White House: 477.579 km","Retailer: walmart <br> Type: food <br> Square Feet: 868000 <br> Opened: 2000 <br> Address: 300 Enterprise Rd, Johnstown, NY, 12095-3345 <br> Distance from the White House: 505.446 km","Retailer: walmart <br> Type: returns <br> Square Feet: 207600 <br> Opened: 1996 <br> Address: 161 Enterprise Road, Johnstown, NY, 12095 <br> Distance from the White House: 505.726 km","Retailer: target <br> Type: general merchandise <br> Square Feet: 1476500 <br> Opened: 2005 <br> Address: 1800 State Highway 5S, Amsterdam, New York, 12010 <br> Distance from the White House: 506.35 km","Retailer: target <br> Type: general merchandise <br> Square Feet: 1500000 <br> Opened: 1998 <br> Address: 129 North Road, Wilton, New York, 12831 <br> Distance from the White House: 551.18 km","Retailer: amazon <br> Type: delivery sort <br> Square Feet: 64000 <br> Opened: 2017 <br> Address: 75 Cohoes Ave. Green Island Village New York, USA 12183 <br> Distance from the White House: 512.095 km","Retailer: amazon <br> Type: general merchandise <br> Square Feet: 63800 <br> Opened: 2007 <br> Address: 10 State Street, Nashua, New Hampshire. USA. 03063 <br> Distance from the White House: 634.469 km","Retailer: sam's club <br> Type: general merchandise <br> Square Feet: 26200 <br> Opened: 2005 <br> Address: 40 Londonderry Turnpike, Building 3PSI, Hooksett, NH, 03106-2038 <br> Distance from the White House: 658.73 km","Retailer: walmart <br> Type: general merchandise <br> Square Feet: 1100000 <br> Opened: 1996 <br> Address: 42 Freetown Road, Raymond, NH, 03077-2385 <br> Distance from the White House: 673.717 km","Retailer: walmart <br> Type: food <br> Square Feet: 892700 <br> Opened: 2005 <br> Address: 31 Alfred A Plourde Pkwy, Lewiston, ME, 04240 <br> Distance from the White House: 809.364 km","Retailer: amazon <br> Type: delivery sort <br> Square Feet: 96600 <br> Opened: 2016 <br> Address: 201 Beacham Street, Everett (Chelsea), Massachusetts, USA. 02149-5518 <br> Distance from the White House: 638.971 km","Retailer: amazon <br> Type: food <br> Square Feet: 96600 <br> Opened: 2015 <br> Address: 201 Beacham Street, Everett (Chelsea), Massachusetts,  02149-5518 <br> Distance from the White House: 637.452 km","Retailer: amazon <br> Type: delivery sort <br> Square Feet: 60500 <br> Opened: 2015 <br> Address: 500 Sprague St., Dedham, Massachusetts,  02026 <br> Distance from the White House: 621.476 km","Retailer: amazon <br> Type: sort <br> Square Feet: 332700 <br> Opened: 2014 <br> Address: 1000 Technology Center Drive, Stoughton, Massachusetts,  02072-4744 <br> Distance from the White House: 621.576 km","Retailer: amazon <br> Type: general merchandise <br> Square Feet: 1e+06 <br> Opened: 2016 <br> Address: 1180 Innovation Way, Fall River, Massachusetts.  02722- 4766 <br> Distance from the White House: 596.375 km","Retailer: amazon <br> Type: general merchandise <br> Square Feet: 1017500 <br> Opened: 2015 <br> Address: 801 Day Hill Road, Windsor, Connecticut,  06095 <br> Distance from the White House: 495.065 km","Retailer: amazon <br> Type: sort <br> Square Feet: 184100 <br> Opened: 2015 <br> Address: 29 Research Parkway, Wallingford, Connecticut,  06492-1927 <br> Distance from the White House: 463.953 km","Retailer: amazon <br> Type: food <br> Square Feet: 161400 <br> Opened: 2016 <br> Address: 201 Grumman Rd. W. , Bethpage, New York,  11714 <br> Distance from the White House: 366.346 km","Retailer: amazon <br> Type: delivery sort <br> Square Feet: NA <br> Opened: 2014 <br> Address: New York, New York, USA <br> Distance from the White House: 344.95 km","Retailer: amazon <br> Type: delivery sort <br> Square Feet: NA <br> Opened: 2014 <br> Address: New York. New York. USA <br> Distance from the White House: 344.95 km","Retailer: amazon <br> Type: general merchandise <br> Square Feet: 617000 <br> Opened: 2017 <br> Address: 698 Route 46 West, Teterboro, New Jersey,  07608 <br> Distance from the White House: 335.353 km","Retailer: amazon <br> Type: delivery sort <br> Square Feet: 75000 <br> Opened: 2015 <br> Address: 2 Empire Boulevard Moonachie New Jersey, USA 07074 <br> Distance from the White House: 333.875 km","Retailer: amazon <br> Type: prime now <br> Square Feet: 40000 <br> Opened: 2014 <br> Address: 7 W. 34th St., New York, New York,  10001-8100 <br> Distance from the White House: 332.387 km","Retailer: amazon <br> Type: prime now <br> Square Feet: NA <br> Opened: 2015 <br> Address: 850 Third Ave., Liberty View Industrial Plaza, Brooklyn, NewYork,  11232 <br> Distance from the White House: 325.985 km","Retailer: amazon <br> Type: food <br> Square Feet: 794400 <br> Opened: 2016 <br> Address: 380 Middlesex Ave, Carteret, New Jersey,  07008-3446 <br> Distance from the White House: 303.913 km","Retailer: amazon <br> Type: food <br> Square Feet: 1064500 <br> Opened: 2016 <br> Address: 8003 Industrial Ave, Building A, Carteret, New Jersey,  07008-3529 <br> Distance from the White House: 305.703 km","Retailer: amazon <br> Type: sort <br> Square Feet: 562200 <br> Opened: 2013 <br> Address: 301 Blair Road #100,\nWoodbridge (Avenel), New Jersey.  07001-2225 <br> Distance from the White House: 303.211 km","Retailer: amazon <br> Type: food <br> Square Feet: 391700 <br> Opened: 2013 <br> Address: 275 Omar Ave., Avenel, New Jersey,  07001-2225 <br> Distance from the White House: 302.797 km","Retailer: amazon <br> Type: general merchandise <br> Square Feet: 1200000 <br> Opened: 2014 <br> Address: 50 New Canton Way, Robbinsville, New Jersey,  08691-2350 <br> Distance from the White House: 253.388 km","Retailer: amazon <br> Type: general merchandise <br> Square Feet: 613900 <br> Opened: 2016 <br> Address: 309 Cedar Lane. Florence, New Jersey, USA. 08518-2802 <br> Distance from the White House: 234.833 km","Retailer: amazon <br> Type: general merchandise <br> Square Feet: 1106400 <br> Opened: 2016 <br> Address: 1610 Van Buren Road, Easton, Pennsylvania,  18045-7807 <br> Distance from the White House: 253.301 km","Retailer: walmart <br> Type: domestic-inbound <br> Square Feet: 103700 <br> Opened: 2012 <br> Address: 121 Powerline Road, Tannersville, PA, 18372 <br> Distance from the White House: 317.901 km","Retailer: walmart <br> Type: general merchandise <br> Square Feet: 1119245 <br> Opened: 2002 <br> Address: 300 Veterans Dr., Tobyhanna, PA, 18466 <br> Distance from the White House: 287.969 km","Retailer: amazon <br> Type: general merchandise <br> Square Feet: 1250000 <br> Opened: 2010 <br> Address: 298 1st Avenue, Gouldsboro. Pennsylvania,  18424-9464 <br> Distance from the White House: 293.623 km","Retailer: sam's club <br> Type: general merchandise <br> Square Feet: 70000 <br> Opened: 1990 <br> Address: 26 Stauffer Industrial Park, Taylor, PA, 18517 <br> Distance from the White House: 299.775 km","Retailer: amazon <br> Type: general merchandise <br> Square Feet: 399500 <br> Opened: 2016 <br> Address: 250 Enterprise Way, Pittston. Pennsylvania,  18640-5000 <br> Distance from the White House: 289.63 km","Retailer: amazon <br> Type: general merchandise <br> Square Feet: 615600 <br> Opened: 2008 <br> Address: 550 Oak Ridge Road, Hazleton, Pennsylvania,  18202-9361 <br> Distance from the White House: 240.136 km","Retailer: walmart <br> Type: food <br> Square Feet: 9e+05 <br> Opened: 2006 <br> Address: 390 Highridge Park Rd., Pottsville, PA, 17901 <br> Distance from the White House: 213.464 km","Retailer: amazon <br> Type: general merchandise <br> Square Feet: 483000 <br> Opened: 2011 <br> Address: 650 Boulder Drive , Breinigsville. Pennsylvania. USA. 18031-1536 <br> Distance from the White House: 220.507 km","Retailer: amazon <br> Type: general merchandise <br> Square Feet: 6e+05 <br> Opened: 2010 <br> Address: 705 Boulder Drive, Breinigsville, Pennsylvania,  18031 <br> Distance from the White House: 220.765 km","Retailer: amazon <br> Type: delivery sort <br> Square Feet: 65500 <br> Opened: 2015 <br> Address: 4219 Richmond Street Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, USA 19137 <br> Distance from the White House: 208.06 km","Retailer: amazon <br> Type: prime now <br> Square Feet: NA <br> Opened: 2015 <br> Address: Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, USA <br> Distance from the White House: 199.364 km","Retailer: amazon <br> Type: sort <br> Square Feet: 202900 <br> Opened: 2014 <br> Address: 2277 Center Square Rd , Swedesboro, Logan Township, New Jersey,  08085 <br> Distance from the White House: 172.879 km","Retailer: amazon <br> Type: general merchandise <br> Square Feet: 202000 <br> Opened: 1997 <br> Address: 1 Centerpoint Blvd, New Castle. Delaware. USA. 19720 <br> Distance from the White House: 151.021 km","Retailer: amazon <br> Type: general merchandise <br> Square Feet: 8e+05 <br> Opened: 2012 <br> Address: 560 Merrimac Ave, Middletown, Delaware,  19709-4652 <br> Distance from the White House: 127.65 km","Retailer: amazon <br> Type: general merchandise <br> Square Feet: 1017600 <br> Opened: 2015 <br> Address: 2010 Broening Highway. Baltimore, Maryland,  21224-6027 <br> Distance from the White House: 58.925 km","Retailer: amazon <br> Type: sort <br> Square Feet: 345000 <br> Opened: 2014 <br> Address: 5001 Holabird Ave., Baltimore, Maryland,  21224-6026 <br> Distance from the White House: 59.056 km","Retailer: amazon <br> Type: prime now <br> Square Feet: NA <br> Opened: 2015 <br> Address: Balltimore, Maryland, USA <br> Distance from the White House: 57.175 km","Retailer: amazon <br> Type: delivery sort <br> Square Feet: 65000 <br> Opened: 2015 <br> Address: 861 E Gude Drive, Rockville, Maryland,  20850 <br> Distance from the White House: 24.427 km","Retailer: amazon <br> Type: prime now <br> Square Feet: 126900 <br> Opened: 2015 <br> Address: 5617 Industrial Dr, Suite A, Springfield, Virginia,  22151- 4410 <br> Distance from the White House: 15.966 km","Retailer: amazon <br> Type: food <br> Square Feet: 127300 <br> Opened: 2015 <br> Address: 5617 Industrial Dr, Suite A, Springfield, Virginia,  22151- 4410 <br> Distance from the White House: 15.966 km","Retailer: amazon <br> Type: prime now <br> Square Feet: 11900 <br> Opened: 2015 <br> Address: 2034 Dabney Road, Richmond, Virginia,  23230 <br> Distance from the White House: 151.668 km","Retailer: amazon <br> Type: sort <br> Square Feet: NA <br> Opened: 2012 <br> Address: 1901 Meadovvville Technology Parkway, Chesterfield, Virginia,  23836-2841 <br> Distance from the White House: 173.484 km","Retailer: amazon <br> Type: general merchandise <br> Square Feet: 1200000 <br> Opened: 2012 <br> Address: 1901 Meadowville Technology Parkway, Chester, Virginia,  23836-2841 <br> Distance from the White House: 173.484 km","Retailer: walmart <br> Type: inbound-foreign <br> Square Feet: 3e+06 <br> Opened: 2000 <br> Address: 9305 Pocahontas Trail, Williamsburg (James City), VA, 23185 <br> Distance from the White House: 192.477 km","Retailer: amazon <br> Type: prime now <br> Square Feet: NA <br> Opened: 2016 <br> Address: Chesapeake, Virginia, USA <br> Distance from the White House: 252.095 km","Retailer: target <br> Type: inbound <br> Square Feet: 1800000 <br> Opened: 2003 <br> Address: 300 Manning Bridge Road, Suffolk, Virginia, 23434-8592 <br> Distance from the White House: 245.309 km","Retailer: amazon <br> Type: general merchandise <br> Square Feet: 1100000 <br> Opened: 2012 <br> Address: 5000 Commerce Way, (Dinwiddie) Petersburg, Virginia,  23803-6917 <br> Distance from the White House: 193.28 km","Retailer: walmart <br> Type: general merchandise <br> Square Feet: 1200000 <br> Opened: 1991 <br> Address: 21504 Cox Rd, Sutherland, VA, 23885 <br> Distance from the White House: 193.953 km","Retailer: walmart <br> Type: food <br> Square Feet: 4e+05 <br> Opened: 2002 <br> Address: 680 Vanco Mill Rd., Henderson, NC, 27537 <br> Distance from the White House: 312.475 km","Retailer: amazon <br> Type: prime now <br> Square Feet: 30000 <br> Opened: 2016 <br> Address: 3200 Bush Street, Raleigh, North Carolina,  27609-7503 <br> Distance from the White House: 368.614 km","Retailer: amazon <br> Type: sort <br> Square Feet: 324500 <br> Opened: 2016 <br> Address: 1805 -RN Alexander Drive, Durham, North Carolina,  27703-8389 <br> Distance from the White House: 361.18 km","Retailer: amazon <br> Type: general merchandise <br> Square Feet: 397800 <br> Opened: 2016 <br> Address: 10240 Old Dowd Road. Mecklenburg. Charlotte, North Carolina, USA. 28214-8082 <br> Distance from the White House: 418.646 km","Retailer: walmart <br> Type: general merchandise <br> Square Feet: 1200000 <br> Opened: 1997 <br> Address: 1057 Sand Hill Road, Hope Mills, NC, 28348-9467 <br> Distance from the White House: 470.194 km","Retailer: walmart <br> Type: food <br> Square Feet: 830000 <br> Opened: 1997 <br> Address: 160 Dove Sutton Road, Pageland, SC, 29728-1556 <br> Distance from the White House: 545.015 km","Retailer: target <br> Type: general merchandise <br> Square Feet: 1802000 <br> Opened: 2003 <br> Address: 22 Corporate Dr , Lugoff, South Carolina, 29078 <br> Distance from the White House: 616.741 km","Retailer: amazon <br> Type: general merchandise <br> Square Feet: 128200 <br> Opened: 2016 <br> Address: 7290 Investment Drive. N Charleston, South Carolina.  29418 <br> Distance from the White House: 716.597 km","Retailer: walmart <br> Type: closed <br> Square Feet: 560000 <br> Opened: 2002 <br> Address: 1080 North Regional Parkway North, Charleston, SC, 29492 <br> Distance from the White House: 719.855 km","Retailer: target <br> Type: inbound <br> Square Feet: 2029500 <br> Opened: 2006 <br> Address: 211 Little Hearst Pkwy, Savannah, Georgia, 31407 <br> Distance from the White House: 834.872 km","Retailer: walmart <br> Type: closed <br> Square Feet: 8e+05 <br> Opened: 2001 <br> Address: 163 Portside Court, Savannah, GA, 31407 <br> Distance from the White House: 837.13 km","Retailer: target <br> Type: general merchandise <br> Square Feet: 1500000 <br> Opened: 2007 <br> Address: 1247 Sunbury Rd, Midway, Georgia, 31320 <br> Distance from the White House: 881.986 km","Retailer: amazon <br> Type: delivery sort <br> Square Feet: 63000 <br> Opened: 2017 <br> Address: 11084 Cabot Commerce Circle, Jacksonville, Florida,  32226 <br> Distance from the White House: 1026.666 km","Retailer: amazon <br> Type: general merchandise <br> Square Feet: 855000 <br> Opened: 2017 <br> Address: 12900 Pecan Park Road, Jacksonville. Florida.  32218 <br> Distance from the White House: 1026.812 km","Retailer: walmart <br> Type: food <br> Square Feet: 880000 <br> Opened: 2002 <br> Address: 2686 Commerce Rd., MacClenny, FL, 32063 <br> Distance from the White House: 1060.479 km","Retailer: amazon <br> Type: prime now <br> Square Feet: 96000 <br> Opened: 2016 <br> Address: 7469 Kingspointe Parkway, Orlando. Florida,  32819 <br> Distance from the White House: 1227.206 km","Retailer: amazon <br> Type: delivery sort <br> Square Feet: NA <br> Opened: 2016 <br> Address: Tangelo Park, Orlando. Florida. USA. <br> Distance from the White House: 1227.921 km","Retailer: walmart <br> Type: e-commerce <br> Square Feet: 9e+05 <br> Opened: 2016 <br> Address: 4900 North Ridge Trail, Davenport, FL, 33897 <br> Distance from the White House: 1248.606 km","Retailer: walmart <br> Type: e-commerce <br> Square Feet: 1e+06 <br> Opened: 2016 <br> Address: Intersection of U.S. Highway 27 and Waverly Barn Road , Davenport, FL, 33897 <br> Distance from the White House: 1251.859 km","Retailer: amazon <br> Type: sort <br> Square Feet: 270000 <br> Opened: 2014 <br> Address: 305 Deen Still Road , Davenport, Florida,  33897-9409 <br> Distance from the White House: 1256.067 km","Retailer: sam's club <br> Type: general merchandise <br> Square Feet: 66400 <br> Opened: 1991 <br> Address: 3010 Saddlecreek Rd. Bldg. 19, Lakeland, FL, 33801 <br> Distance from the White House: 1282.008 km","Retailer: walmart <br> Type: food <br> Square Feet: 1e+06 <br> Opened: 1996 <br> Address: 5600 State Rd. 544, Winter Haven, FL, 33881 <br> Distance from the White House: 1275.173 km","Retailer: walmart <br> Type: general merchandise <br> Square Feet: 1200000 <br> Opened: 2004 <br> Address: 4001 S Jenkins Rd, Fort Pierce (St Lucie County), FL, 34981-4620 <br> Distance from the White House: 1313.384 km","Retailer: amazon <br> Type: delivery sort <br> Square Feet: 37400 <br> Opened: 2015 <br> Address: 15600 NW 15th Ave, Miami Gardens. Florida,  33169 <br> Distance from the White House: 1470.14 km","Retailer: amazon <br> Type: general merchandise <br> Square Feet: 855000 <br> Opened: 2017 <br> Address: Officer Simmins Arlington Avenue, Opa-locka, Florida,  33054 <br> Distance from the White House: 1472.022 km","Retailer: amazon <br> Type: delivery sort <br> Square Feet: 117200 <br> Opened: 2017 <br> Address: 3200 Northwest 67th Avenue, Miami, Florida,  33122 <br> Distance from the White House: 1484.034 km","Retailer: walmart <br> Type: food <br> Square Feet: 940000 <br> Opened: 2005 <br> Address: 6785 SW Enterprize Blvd, Arcadia, FL, 34269-6701 <br> Distance from the White House: 1392.499 km","Retailer: amazon <br> Type: general merchandise <br> Square Feet: 1017600 <br> Opened: 2014 <br> Address: 3350 Laurel Ridge Ave, Ruskin, Florida,  33570-5526 <br> Distance from the White House: 1340.042 km","Retailer: amazon <br> Type: prime now <br> Square Feet: 30000 <br> Opened: 2016 <br> Address: 4440 East Adamo Drive, Tampa, Florida,  33605 <br> Distance from the White House: 1310.598 km","Retailer: amazon <br> Type: general merchandise <br> Square Feet: 1e+06 <br> Opened: 2014 <br> Address: 1760 County Line Rd. ,\nLakeland, Florida,  33811- 1808 <br> Distance from the White House: 1292.861 km","Retailer: walmart <br> Type: general merchandise <br> Square Feet: 1600000 <br> Opened: 1992 <br> Address: 5100 Kettering Road, Brooksville, FL, 34602-8311 <br> Distance from the White House: 1248.897 km","Retailer: amazon <br> Type: sort <br> Square Feet: 335800 <br> Opened: 2014 <br> Address: 1900 NW 132nd Place , Miami (Dural), Florida,  33182- 1920 <br> Distance from the White House: 1258.631 km","Retailer: walmart <br> Type: general merchandise <br> Square Feet: 1200000 <br> Opened: 2006 <br> Address: 18815 NW 115th Ave, Alachua, FL, 32615-6056 <br> Distance from the White House: 1132.414 km","Retailer: target <br> Type: food <br> Square Feet: 430000 <br> Opened: 2008 <br> Address: 3049 North US 441, Lake City, Florida, 32055 <br> Distance from the White House: 1089.532 km","Retailer: sam's club <br> Type: general merchandise <br> Square Feet: 1e+05 <br> Opened: 1995 <br> Address: 451 Farm to Market 686, Dayton, TX, 77535 <br> Distance from the White House: 1071.945 km","Retailer: walmart <br> Type: pharmacy <br> Square Feet: 86500 <br> Opened: 1988 <br> Address: 4501 Wal-Mart Way, Tifton, GA, 31794 <br> Distance from the White House: 1015.178 km","Retailer: target <br> Type: general merchandise <br> Square Feet: 1560000 <br> Opened: 1989 <br> Address: 110 West Jordan Road, Tifton, Georgia, 31794 <br> Distance from the White House: 1012.359 km","Retailer: walmart <br> Type: general merchandise <br> Square Feet: 994000 <br> Opened: 1986 <br> Address: 1401 Baker Hwy W ((or 690 Highway 206), Douglas, GA, 31533 <br> Distance from the White House: 976.846 km","Retailer: walmart <br> Type: inbound-foreign <br> Square Feet: 2200000 <br> Opened: 1994 <br> Address: 299 A J Riggs Rd, Statesboro, GA, 30458 <br> Distance from the White House: 842.231 km","Retailer: amazon <br> Type: general merchandise <br> Square Feet: 1250000 <br> Opened: 2011 <br> Address: 4400 12 Street Extension, West Columbia (Cayce), South Carolina,  29172-3300 <br> Distance from the White House: 660.01 km","Retailer: walmart <br> Type: fashion <br> Square Feet: 1630860 <br> Opened: 1988 <br> Address: 1050 Vern Cora Rd, Laurens, SC, 29360 <br> Distance from the White House: 655.065 km","Retailer: walmart <br> Type: returns <br> Square Feet: 266400 <br> Opened: 2009 <br> Address: 5795 North Blackstock Road, Spartanburg, SC, 29303 <br> Distance from the White House: 620.585 km","Retailer: amazon <br> Type: general merchandise <br> Square Feet: 1016100 <br> Opened: 2012 <br> Address: 402 John Dodd Rd. Spartanburg. South Carolina.  29303- 6312 <br> Distance from the White House: 619.477 km","Retailer: walmart <br> Type: general merchandise <br> Square Feet: 1200000 <br> Opened: 2002 <br> Address: 220 Wal-Mart Drive, Shelby, NC, 28150 <br> Distance from the White House: 567.071 km","Retailer: target <br> Type: general merchandise <br> Square Feet: 1670000 <br> Opened: 2009 <br> Address: 1800 Stover Ct, Newton, North Carolina, 28658 <br> Distance from the White House: 524.793 km","Retailer: sam's club <br> Type: general merchandise <br> Square Feet: 63400 <br> Opened: 1991 <br> Address: 1911 Continental Blvd., Charlotte, NC, 28273 <br> Distance from the White House: 543.04 km","Retailer: amazon <br> Type: prime now <br> Square Feet: NA <br> Opened: 2015 <br> Address: Charlotte. North Carolina.  28201 <br> Distance from the White House: 529.569 km","Retailer: amazon <br> Type: sort <br> Square Feet: 222500 <br> Opened: 2014 <br> Address: 1745 Derita Rd, Concord, North Carolina,  28027-3353 <br> Distance from the White House: 508.343 km","Retailer: walmart <br> Type: domestic-inbound <br> Square Feet: 104380 <br> Opened: 2011 <br> Address: 423 Pitts School Rd , Concord, NC, 28027 <br> Distance from the White House: 508.246 km","Retailer: sam's club <br> Type: general merchandise <br> Square Feet: 77000 <br> Opened: 2016 <br> Address: Kimrey Road, Hawfields (Mebane), NC, 27302 <br> Distance from the White House: 375.446 km","Retailer: walmart <br> Type: food <br> Square Feet: 450000 <br> Opened: 2016 <br> Address: Kimrey Road, Hawfields (Mebane), NC, 27302 <br> Distance from the White House: 375.446 km","Retailer: sam's club <br> Type: general merchandise <br> Square Feet: 77000 <br> Opened: 2016 <br> Address: 2837 Senator Ralph Scott Parkway, Mebane, NC, 27302 <br> Distance from the White House: 364.878 km","Retailer: target <br> Type: general merchandise <br> Square Feet: 1650000 <br> Opened: 1997 <br> Address: 345 Mount Vernon Road, Stuarts Draft, Virginia, 24477 <br> Distance from the White House: 196.56 km","Retailer: walmart <br> Type: general merchandise <br> Square Feet: 1200000 <br> Opened: 2005 <br> Address: 6000 Walton Way, Mount Crawford, VA, 22841 <br> Distance from the White House: 174.123 km","Retailer: walmart <br> Type: food <br> Square Feet: 880000 <br> Opened: 2003 <br> Address: 10695 Freedom Trail, Gordonsville, VA, 22942-6938 <br> Distance from the White House: 143.758 km","Retailer: amazon <br> Type: food <br> Square Feet: 80900 <br> Opened: 2013 <br> Address: 45121 Global Plaza, Sterling, Virginia,  20166 <br> Distance from the White House: 36.311 km","Retailer: walmart <br> Type: pharmacy <br> Square Feet: 66300 <br> Opened: 1997 <br> Address: 11121 Elliot Place, Williamsport, MD, 21795 <br> Distance from the White House: 102.652 km","Retailer: sam's club <br> Type: general merchandise <br> Square Feet: 40000 <br> Opened: 1994 <br> Address: 14557 Industry Dr., Hagerstown, MD, 21742 <br> Distance from the White House: 108.276 km","Retailer: target <br> Type: general merchandise <br> Square Feet: 1350000 <br> Opened: 2003 <br> Address: 3001 Archer Dr, Chambersburg, Pennsylvania, 17202 <br> Distance from the White House: 123.265 km","Retailer: amazon <br> Type: general merchandise <br> Square Feet: 750000 <br> Opened: 2015 <br> Address: 2 Ames Drive, Building #2, Carlisle. Pennsylvania, USA. 17015 <br> Distance from the White House: 142.55 km","Retailer: amazon <br> Type: general merchandise <br> Square Feet: 1206500 <br> Opened: 2010 <br> Address: 675 Allen Rd. , Carlisle, Pennsylvania,  17015-7788 <br> Distance from the White House: 142.847 km","Retailer: amazon <br> Type: general merchandise <br> Square Feet: 421200 <br> Opened: 2013 <br> Address: 40 Logistics Drive, Carlisle,\nPennsylvania,  17013 <br> Distance from the White House: 144.297 km","Retailer: amazon <br> Type: general merchandise <br> Square Feet: 558700 <br> Opened: 2010 <br> Address: 21 Roadway Drive, Carlisle, Pennsylvania,  17015 <br> Distance from the White House: 147.716 km","Retailer: target <br> Type: e-commerce <br> Square Feet: 785400 <br> Opened: 2015 <br> Address: 325 S. Salem Church Road, York, Pennsylvania, 17408 <br> Distance from the White House: 116.427 km","Retailer: amazon <br> Type: general merchandise <br> Square Feet: 750000 <br> Opened: 2010 <br> Address: 500 McCarthy Dr.. Lewisberry. Pennsylvania. USA. 17339-8725 <br> Distance from the White House: 142.204 km","Retailer: amazon <br> Type: general merchandise <br> Square Feet: 2e+05 <br> Opened: TBD <br> Address: 6455 Allentown Boulevard. Harrisburg, Pennsylvania. USA. 17112 <br> Distance from the White House: 160.113 km","Retailer: walmart <br> Type: general merchandise <br> Square Feet: 1190000 <br> Opened: 1993 <br> Address: 100 Wal-Mart Dr. State Rte 970, Woodland, PA, 16881 <br> Distance from the White House: 232.297 km","Retailer: amazon <br> Type: sort <br> Square Feet: 250000 <br> Opened: 2015 <br> Address: 2250 Roswell Drive, Pittsburg, Pennsylvania,  15205-1800 <br> Distance from the White House: 232.297 km","Retailer: walmart <br> Type: food <br> Square Feet: 830000 <br> Opened: 1998 <br> Address: 181 Walmart Road, Bedford (Cessna), PA, 15522 <br> Distance from the White House: 184.406 km","Retailer: walmart <br> Type: food <br> Square Feet: 880000 <br> Opened: 2003 <br> Address: 843 State Route 43, Wintersville (Steubenville), OH, 43952 <br> Distance from the White House: 359.378 km","Retailer: sam's club <br> Type: general merchandise <br> Square Feet: 75000 <br> Opened: 1993 <br> Address: 2150 International Pkwy., N. Canton, OH, 44720 <br> Distance from the White House: 439.123 km","Retailer: amazon <br> Type: sort <br> Square Feet: 248000 <br> Opened: 2016 <br> Address: 8685 Independence Parkway, Twinsburg, Ohio,  44087- 1971 <br> Distance from the White House: 469.947 km","Retailer: amazon <br> Type: general merchandise <br> Square Feet: 855000 <br> Opened: 2016 <br> Address: 11903 National Rd SW, Etna, Ohio,  43062-7793 <br> Distance from the White House: 502.508 km","Retailer: walmart <br> Type: closed <br> Square Feet: 414000 <br> Opened: 2001 <br> Address: 2525 Rohr Road, Lockbourne, OH, 43137-9296 <br> Distance from the White House: 519.082 km","Retailer: amazon <br> Type: general merchandise <br> Square Feet: 1e+06 <br> Opened: 2016 <br> Address: 6050 Gateway Court. Obetz. Ohio,  43125 <br> Distance from the White House: 528.989 km","Retailer: walmart <br> Type: general merchandise <br> Square Feet: 1100000 <br> Opened: 1992 <br> Address: 3880 Southwest Blvd, Grove City, OH,  43123 <br> Distance from the White House: 534.006 km","Retailer: amazon <br> Type: prime now <br> Square Feet: 45700 <br> Opened: 2016 <br> Address: 3563 Interchange Road, Columbus, Ohio,  43204 <br> Distance from the White House: 535.388 km","Retailer: target <br> Type: food <br> Square Feet: 438000 <br> Opened: 2014 <br> Address: 42 Commerce Parkway, West Jefferson, Ohio, 43162 <br> Distance from the White House: 555.126 km","Retailer: target <br> Type: general merchandise <br> Square Feet: 1500000 <br> Opened: 2004 <br> Address: 1 Walker Way, West Jefferson, Ohio, 43162 <br> Distance from the White House: 555.725 km","Retailer: walmart <br> Type: food <br> Square Feet: 880000 <br> Opened: 2002 <br> Address: 1400 Old Chillicothe Rd S, Washington Court House, OH, 43160 <br> Distance from the White House: 553.426 km","Retailer: amazon <br> Type: prime now <br> Square Feet: NA <br> Opened: 2016 <br> Address: Winton Hills, Cincinnati, Ohio, USA <br> Distance from the White House: 645.289 km","Retailer: amazon <br> Type: general merchandise <br> Square Feet: 172100 <br> Opened: 2015 <br> Address: 7968 Kentucky Dr Florence. Kentucky,  41042 <br> Distance from the White House: 657.975 km","Retailer: amazon <br> Type: general merchandise <br> Square Feet: 711400 <br> Opened: 2007 <br> Address: 3680 Langley Dr.. Hebron. Kentucky. USA. 41048 <br> Distance from the White House: 665.733 km","Retailer: amazon <br> Type: general merchandise <br> Square Feet: 543000 <br> Opened: 2005 <br> Address: 1600 Worldwide Blvd., Hebron, Kentucky,  41048 <br> Distance from the White House: 666.272 km","Retailer: amazon <br> Type: sort <br> Square Feet: 598000 <br> Opened: 2013 <br> Address: 2285 Litton Way, Hebron, Kentucky,  41048-8435 <br> Distance from the White House: 665.667 km"]]}],"limits":{"lat":[25.80333687,47.728054],"lng":[-123.1146774,-70.19020334]}},"evals":[],"jsHooks":[]}</script>
<!--/html_preserve-->
We can explore each retailer's distribution and logistics network on the
Leaflet map. We notice again Amazon's clusters around large cities and
Walmart's more even spread of distribution centers on the outskirts of
large and medium sized population centers.

You can explore the map for yourself
[here](http://rpubs.com/akosfurton/distribution).
